#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Empowering women through targeting information or role models: Evidence
 from an experiment in agricultural extension in Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Agricultural advisory services are generally biased towards men, with informatio
n targeted mainly to male members within the household, and in formats that
 often reinforce male dominance in agricultural decision-making.
 Such biases affect women's ability to make informed decisions and limit
 their intra-household bargaining power.
 Because women's empowerment in agriculture has many well-established benefits,
 designing inclusive agricultural extension and advisory services is important.
 In this study, we challenge the assumption that information is fully shared
 between co-heads of a household.
 We also test if portraying women as equally able farmers challenges gender
 norms and stereotypes in agriculture.
 We do this through a field experiment in eastern Uganda in which videos
 that provide information on recommended maize-farming practices are shown
 to monogamous maize-farming households.
 In the experiment, we manipulate who within the household is exposed to
 the information contained in the video.
 Furthermore, we vary the gender of the person delivering the information
 in the video.
 We find that targeting the female co-head alone with information increases
 her knowledge about recommended practices, her role in agricultural decision-ma
king, her subsequent adoption of recommended practices and inputs, and yields
 on fields she manages, while the male co-head's knowledge about the practices
 and his unilateral decision-making is reduced.
 When both co-heads are targeted, joint adoption of recommended practices
 and inputs increases, while the male co-head's unilateral decision-making
 is reduced.
 We find some support that featuring female role models in the videos challenges
 men's beliefs and stereotypes about women's roles in agriculture, and encourage
s adoption of recommended practices by women.
 We conclude that if the aim is to empower women, most gains can be made
 by re-designing advisory services to target information exclusively to
 the female co-head within the household.
 Challenging gender stereotypes may create room for increasing women's involveme
nt in agriculture.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
