#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Empowering women through targeting information or role models: Evidence
 from an experiment in agricultural extension in Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Els Lecoutere, David J Spielman and Bjorn Van Campenhout
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Lecoutere: CGIAR Gender Platform, International Livestock Research Institute,
 Naivasha Rd, Nairobi, Kenya, e.lecoutere@cgiar.org.
 Spielman: Development Strategy and Governance Division, International Food
 Policy Research Institute, KG 563 St.
 #7, Kigali, Rwanda, d.spielman@cgiar.org.
 Van Campenhout: Development Strategy and Governance Division, International
 Food Policy Research Institute & LICOS Center for Institutions and Economic
 Performance, KU Leuven, Waaistraat 6 - bus 3511, B 3000 Leuven, Belgium,
 b.vancampenhout@cgiar.org (corresponding author).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Agricultural advisory services are generally biased towards men, with informatio
n targeted mainly to male members within the household, and in formats that
 often reinforce male dominance in agricultural decision-making.
 Such biases affect women's ability to make informed decisions and limit
 their intra-household bargaining power.
 Because women's empowerment in agriculture has many well-established benefits,
 designing inclusive agricultural extension and advisory services is important.
 In this study, we challenge the assumption that information is fully shared
 between co-heads of a household.
 We also test if portraying women as equally able farmers challenges gender
 norms and stereotypes in agriculture.
 We do this through a field experiment in eastern Uganda in which videos
 that provide information on recommended maize-farming practices are shown
 to monogamous maize-farming households.
 In the experiment, we manipulate who within the household is exposed to
 the information contained in the video.
 Furthermore, we vary the gender of the person delivering the information
 in the video.
 We find that targeting the female co-head alone with information increases
 her knowledge about recommended practices, her role in agricultural decision-ma
king, her subsequent adoption of recommended practices and inputs, and yields
 on fields she manages, while the male co-head's knowledge about the practices
 and his unilateral decision-making is reduced.
 When both co-heads are targeted, joint adoption of recommended practices
 and inputs increases, while the male co-head's unilateral decision-making
 is reduced.
 We find some support that featuring female role models in the videos challenges
 men's beliefs and stereotypes about women's roles in agriculture, and encourage
s adoption of recommended practices by women.
 We conclude that if the aim is to empower women, most gains can be made
 by re-designing advisory services to target information exclusively to
 the female co-head within the household.
 Challenging gender stereotypes may create room for increasing women's involveme
nt in agriculture.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
JEL: O13, O33, Q16, J16
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Acknowledgments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This study was carried out with financial support from Digital Green and
 the U.S.
 Agency for International Development (USAID) under Feed the Future’s Developing
 Local Extension Capacity (DLEC) project; the CGIAR Research Program on
 Policies, Institutions, and Markets (PIM), led by the International Food
 Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) the CGIAR Research Program on Maize (MAIZE),
 led by the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center (CIMMYT); and
 the International Development Research Center, Ottawa, Canada (grant no.
 109177-001), through the CGIAR Collaborative Platform for Gender Research.
 The CGIAR programs and platforms, in turn, are supported by 
\begin_inset CommandInset href
LatexCommand href
name "these funders"
target "https://www.cgiar.org/funders/"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 The views expressed in this study do not necessarily represent those of
 Digital Green, USAID, IDRC or its Board of Governors, or the CGIAR research
 programs, platforms, and centers mentioned above.
 The study is registered in the American Economic Association RCT Registry
 (AEARCTR-0002153), and received approval from IFPRI’s Institutional Review
 Board (IRB).
 We thank Charles Marc Wanume, Wilberfoce Walukano, Leocardia Nabwire, Lakshmi
 Iyer, Suprita Kudesia, Karin D.
 Lion, Rikin Gandhi, and Kristin Davis for their support to this study.
 We thank Caroline Miehe, Hagar El-Didi and Simrin Makhija for input on
 earlier drafts.
 Any and all errors are the sole responsibility of the authors.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
