#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding 
\font_roman "times" "default"
\font_sans "lmss" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family rmdefault
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, urlcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, pdfstartview={FitH}, hyperfootnotes=false, unicode=true"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
\begin_inset Preview

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
author{Bjorn Van Campenhout
\backslash
thanks{Development Strategy and Governance Division, International Food
 Policy Research Institute, Leuven, Belgium - corresponding author: b.vancampenho
ut@cgiar.org} 
\backslash
footnotemark[3] , Els Lecoutere
\backslash
thanks{IOB, University of Antwerp, Belgium}, and David J Spielman
\backslash
thanks{Environment, Production and Technology Division, International Food
 Policy Research Institute, Washington DC, USA}}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

Increasing cooperation in agricultural households: Experimental evidence
 from maize farming households in Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In subsistence agriculture, the prevailing unit of production is the agricultura
l household, consisting of different household members.
 Within these households, there is generally considerable heterogeneity
 in ownership and control of the different production factors by each member.
 Household members compete as well as co-operate and this has important
 implications for household level outcomes, as preferences are not necessarily
 aligned and some members are likely to have less bargaining power than
 others 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "udry1995gender"

\end_inset

.
 We test two different strategies to improve household level outcomes though
 increasing intra-household cooperation among a sample of smallholder maize
 farmers in Uganda.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our first strategy involves reducing information asymmetries within households.
 Agricultural extension information services are generally biased toward
 men.
 Most often, extension officers target the main decision maker with respect
 to agriculture within households, which is generally assumed to be the
 male farmer.
 The assumption that extension messages targeting one household member will
 trickle down to the rest of the household, including women and younger
 household members, may be false.
 Men do not necessarily discuss production decisions or transfer extension
 knowledge to women household members, especially if extension messages
 focus on men’s priorities and crops 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "fletschner2011gender"

\end_inset

.
 We compare outcomes in households in which information was given to only
 one of the spouses (either the husband or wife) to outcomes in households
 in which this information was given to both spouses.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our second strategy consists of promoting an image of farming as a joint
 venture, with both spouses having an equal role in decision making and
 activities.
 Farming happens in a particular cultural context, and social norms may
 hamper efficient allocation of production factors.
 For instance, it may be that only men are assumed to make decisions on
 certain crops or inputs or only women are allowed to carry out certain
 activities.
 However, norms and customs can change, and role models can be important
 catalysts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "porter2019gender"

\end_inset

.
 We compare outcomes in households that were shown a video only one spouse
 (either a man or a woman) is involved in farming to outcomes in households.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This research aims to generate evidence on the barriers that limit cooperation
 within households.
 The prevalence of the cooperative bargaining models to study gender related
 issues in agriculture has, with its emphasis on outside options and thread
 points, pitched the main decision makers in the household against each
 other.
 Most of the evidence therefore is derived from studies that compare outcomes
 from women owned or managed plots to outcomes of plots owned by the man.
 More recently, the focus has shifted somewhat from intra-household bargaining
 towards cooperation.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Research questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Does reducing agricultural extension information asymmetries within the
 household improves outcomes at the household level? This research question
 will be answered by comparing outcomes of households in which one adult
 individual (husband or wife) is shown a video with agricultural extension
 information to outcomes of households in which the couple (husband and
 wife together) is shown a video with the same information
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Does promoting a household approach to farming improve outcomes at the household
 level? This research question will be answered by comparing outcomes of
 households that are shown a video with agricultural extension information
 where the messenger is an individual farmer (ie.
 a man or a women) to outcomes of households that are shown a video providing
 the same information by a couple of farmers (ie.
 man and woman who are shown to participate as equals in the family farm
 and deliver the message as a couple)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Jointness and cooperation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are various reasons why attention has shifted from bargaining to cooperati
on.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, new models are less fixated on bargaining.
 For example, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doss2015collective"

\end_inset

 point out that households face collective action problems similar to those
 studied in the context of common pool resources management.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, it is not always clear who manages the plot.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Third, recent research suggests much can be won by increasing intra-household
 cooperation.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Fourth, and more of a conceptual nature, it remains unclear what empowerment
 means and how best to achieve it in a given context.
 Often, women empowerment in agriculture is operationalized as the ability
 to make more decisions themselves on their own plots, from which proceeds
 can be derived for their own benefit.
 However, it is unclear if an increase in women's unilateral decisions at
 the expense of men's and/or joint decisions consists of women empowerment.
 For instance, in the context of a project aimed at empowering women in
 coffee production in Uganda, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Does empowerment mean that women make more decisions unilateral at the expense
 of unilateral or Focusing exclucively on women may 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Ownership
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
But what does it mean to be a plot manager? Some studies look at decision
 making on plots.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Somewhat indirectly, the WEAI can be used, as empowerment is likely to be
 correlated to decision making.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "seymour2017women"

\end_inset

 finds that technical efficiency is higher when the empowerment gap between
 wife and husband is lower.
 At the same time, there is only a weak association between women empowerment
 and technical efficiency.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Another advantage is that if the focus is on women empowerment, there is
 only one way in: the woman.
 If the focus is on cooperation, we can work also through the husband.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Can we do something with spousal agreement?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Reducing intra-household information asymmetries
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Promoting a household approach
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Impact Pathways
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Here we analyze some of the individual level outcomes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Implications
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Agricultural household models do not behave as a unit.
 Outcomes are a result of bargaining over scarce resources.
 However, a focus on individual level outcomes has resulted in policies
 and projects focusing too much on empowering women, often through providing
 them with exclusive control over resources.
 This exclusive focus on women may bring about adverse effects including
 jealously and distrust in the household, in some cases leading to domestic
 violence, husbands withdrawing from providing for the household as they
 feel less responsible, or even reduced women’s decision-making power in
 particular domains 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "de2014impact"

\end_inset

.
 A focus on women’s control over resources risks to move ever further away
 from the essence of empowerment which revolves around balancing power relations
 and which re-lies on shifts in consciousness and changes in structural
 constraints to gender equity (Cornwall 2016).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Also refer to this new article in AJE: insights on how women prefer to cooperate
? 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "bernhardt2019household"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "coop_bib"
options "IFPRI_Style"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
