#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\usepackage{endnotes}

\let\footnote=\endnote
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing double
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered false
\pdf_bookmarksopen false
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks true
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks true
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle true
\pdf_quoted_options "linkcolor=black, urlcolor=blue, citecolor=blue, pdfstartview={FitH}, hyperfootnotes=false, unicode=true"
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Information and communication technologies (ICTs) to provide agricultural
 advice to smallholder farmers: Experimental evidence from Uganda
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Agricultural advisory services generally rely on interpersonal knowledge
 transfers by agricultural extension agents who visit farmers individually
 or in groups to provide information and advice.
 This approach is not always effective and has often proved hard to scale
 sustainably, particularly in highly dispersed smallholder farming systems.
 Information and communication technologies (ICTs) have been advanced as
 a promising way to overcome many of the problems associated with conventional
 agricultural extension.
 We evaluate the effectiveness of an ICT-mediated approach to deliver agricultur
al information in a field experiment conducted among small-scale maize farmers
 in eastern Uganda.
 Three complementary technologies designed to address both informational
 and behavioral constraints to technical change are considered.
 First, we investigate the effectiveness of audiovisual messages (video)
 as a means of delivering information on input use and improved maize management
 practices to farmers.
 Second, we quantify the additional impact of complementing video with an
 interactive voice response (IVR) service.
 Third, we estimate the incremental effect of time-sensitive short message
 services (SMS) messages designed to remind farmers about applying key practices
 at specific points during the season.
 We find that ICT-mediated audiovisual content is effective, with households
 that were shown a short video on how to become better maize farmers performing
 significantly better on a knowledge test, more likely to apply recommended
 practices and more likely to use fertilizer than households that did not
 view the videos.
 These same households also reported maize yields about 10.5 percent higher
 than those that did not view the video.
 However, we find little evidence of an incremental effect of the IVR service
 or SMS reminders.
 While our results demonstrate the potential gains from ICT-mediated approaches
 to agricultural extension, they also emphasize the role that context and
 design play in realizing such gains.
 
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Conventional approaches to agricultural extension, such as the training
 and visit system or farmer field schools, have met with mixed success in
 many developing countries 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "bindlish1997impact,feder2006rise,waddington2014farmer"

\end_inset

.
 Information and communication technologies (ICTs) have been advanced as
 a promising means to overcome many of the problems associated with these
 approaches, such as low cost-effectiveness and limited scalability 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Aker2011"

\end_inset

.
 An emerging literature explores the application of different ICTs to agricultur
al extension provision in smallholder production systems in developing countries.
 For instance, various studies investigate the potential for audiovisual
 messages as a medium to transfer agricultural extension information 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "gandhi2009digital,maredia2017can,10.1371/journal.pone.0169557"

\end_inset

.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

 evaluate the impact of a toll-free hotline among cotton farmers in Gujarat,
 India.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "casaburi2014harnessing"

\end_inset

 test the effectiveness of short message services (SMS) messages with agricultur
al advice among sugarcane farmers in Kenya, and 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "larochelle2017did"

\end_inset

 consider the use of SMS messages to promote integrated pest management
 among potato farmers in Ecuador.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This article investigates the effectiveness of an ICT-mediated extension
 approach designed to provide information about improved maize cultivation
 practices to smallholder farmers in Uganda.
 The approach consists of three complementary information technologies,
 tested in an incremental design.
 First, we look at the effectiveness of short video messages that provide
 detailed information on how to improve maize cultivation and were shown
 to farmers on tablet computers.
 The strength of video is that it can combine audio and visual information
 in an attractive way that is accessible to the potentially illiterate farmer.
 However, video screenings can be a passive exercise for viewers, which
 may increase the likelihood that farmers will forget some of the details,
 particularly if the lag between screening and implementation is long.
 Second, to address this concern, we add an IVR service that provides a
 follow-up with the same information.
 With an IVR system, a farmer calls a phone number, navigates through a
 menu to select a topic, and then listens to a pre-recorded message with
 information on the selected topic.
 Third, we add SMS messages that remind farmers at specific points during
 the maize growing season about key recommendations on farming practices
 shown in the video and available on demand through the IVR system.
 Addition of the SMS reminders is motivated by the growing recognition that
 information alone is often insufficient to change behavior, but timely
 reminders have been found very effective in overcoming inertia, procrastination
, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset

, and repetition can make information more salient 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 The outcomes used to assess the effectiveness of this approach and its
 components include increases in knowledge about improved maize cultivation,
 changes in the use of improved inputs and recommended agronomic practices,
 and production-related changes.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We draw on a field experiment involving approximately 4,000 farm households
 sampled from the population of households cultivating maize across five
 districts of eastern Uganda.
 We find that providing information to farmers through a short video significant
ly increased their knowledge about improved agricultural input use and recommend
ed management practices.
 In addition, farmers who were shown the video were also more likely to
 adopt a range of inputs and practices that were promoted in the video.
 We also find maize yields were 10.5 percent higher among treatment households
 than among control households.
 However, we did not find strong evidence that the IVR service generated
 much additional impact on knowledge, on the use of inputs or practices.
 We find a positive effect of the IVR only on the use of one input: hybrid
 maize seed.
 However, with less than 10 percent of farmers who were invited to use the
 IVR actually calling in, we acknowledge concerns with statistical power.
 In the context of our nested design, we also find no additional effects
 of the SMS reminders.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We contribute to the literature on how ICTs can increase the adoption of
 improved inputs and management practices among smallholders—a topic that
 has received considerable attention in recent years 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1111/agec.12314,Aker2011"

\end_inset

.
 Several studies, many of which are still ongoing, have hinted at positive
 impacts of ICTs applied to extension services.
 Notable examples include 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, who found that the introduction of a toll-free hotline, through which
 farmers can ask questions to agricultural experts, significantly increased
 cumin and cotton yields among farmers in Gujarat, India.
 Similarly, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "casaburi2014harnessing"

\end_inset

 found that in Kenya, sending SMS messages with agricultural advice to smallhold
er sugarcane farmers increased yields by 11.5 percent relative to a control
 group with no messages (but only in the first season).
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "New1"

\end_inset

 report positive results from six randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in
 Kenya and Rwanda that used SMS messages to increase the use of agricultural
 lime to reduce soil acidity and increase yields.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doi:10.1080/00220388.2016.1146700"

\end_inset

 found that a multimedia mobile phone-based product linked to expert advisory
 services increased farmers' awareness and knowledge about specific solutions
 to their production constraints in Madhya Pradesh, India.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "maredia2017can"

\end_inset

, on the other hand, found that while mobile phone-based animated videos
 shown to farmers in Burkina Faso induced learning and understanding, the
 videos were no more effective in encouraging adoption than conventional
 approaches to information provision.
 In Uganda—the site of our study—Grameen Foundation had some success using
 smartphones to provide agriculture-related information to farmers through
 ICT-empowered community knowledge workers 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1080/1369118X.2016.1200644"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The remainder of the article is organized as follows.
 In the next section, we briefly contextualize the study.
 We then present the experimental design and models that are used to assess
 impact.
 Next, the intervention and its components are described in detail.
 We then turn to the results, assessing the impact on knowledge, adoption,
 and production.
 This is followed by a section with additional analysis and robustness tests
 that examines demand for the IVR component, experimenter demand effects,
 heterogeneity in treatment effects, and attrition.
 We then reflect on cost-effectiveness of the intervention and draw conclusions
 in a final section.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Context
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The study was conducted among smallholder maize farmers in Uganda, a population
 that is similar to many others in eastern and southern Africa in terms
 of its dependence on rainfed maize cultivation and on the consumption of
 maize as a key dietary staple.
 In our study context, as in much of the wider region, maize is also an
 important traded commodity because of its relatively high value-to-weight
 ratio.
 Therefore, efforts to increase maize productivity at the farm-household
 level are an important dimension of Uganda's strategy to increase food
 security and reduce poverty through both consumption and income channels.
 Yet maize yields in Uganda are low when compared with neighboring countries
 and global averages.
 While research station trials conducted in Uganda report potential yields
 of about 1.6 metric tons per acre (using only improved varieties without
 fertilizer application), data from the Uganda National Household Survey
 (UNHS) 2005/06 indicate that average maize yields are much lower, at about
 618 kg per acre for the main growing season.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The use of modern inputs such as inorganic fertilizer is extremely low in
 Uganda, even when compared to other countries in the region 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712"

\end_inset

.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

 report that only 9 percent of maize cultivating households use inorganic
 fertilizer.
 In Tanzania, this rate is almost 20 percent, while in Malawi, the government's
 input subsidy program drove it to 80 percent.
 Yet for other inputs, such as improved maize seed, there is some ambiguity
 as to whether use rates—between 27 and 37 percent of households report
 using improved maize seed—are lower than comparison countries such as Tanzania
 and Malawi, where use rates are reportedly between 30 and 50 percent 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712,10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

.
 Maize management practices—the water, soil, and natural resource management
 practices that often accompany the use of these inputs—also vary considerably,
 driven both by changes in policy and market signals as well as changes
 in demographic trends, land use choices, soil health, livestock keeping,
 and other factors 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Ebanyat2010,NKONYA2005155"

\end_inset

.
 At best, available data suggest that there is considerable within-country
 variation in input use and management practices, as well as variation in
 the extent to which key inputs and management practices are being used
 in productive combinations.
 Such variation is similarly observed in many of the maize-cultivation systems
 found in the region 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Yet despite the importance of these issues to the country's economic growth
 strategy, Uganda has struggled to maintain a functioning agricultural extension
 service for the last two decades.
 In 2000, the National Agricultural Advisory Services (NAADS) was established
 as an ambitious and innovative public-private partnership with support
 from various donors.
 After what seemed to be a successful start, NAADS became a victim of political
 capture and governance problems, culminating in its demise and replacement
 by Operation Wealth Creation 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benin2011returns,joughin2010politics,doi:10.1111/dpr.12318"

\end_inset

.
 Operation Wealth Creation is managed by the army, and primarily focused
 on the distribution of inputs.
 As a result, this public extension service currently provides little in
 the way of information to smallholders.
 The last available data obtained from the Uganda National Panel Survey
 (wave 2013/2014) suggest that only 20 percent of households received extension
 in the past 12 months.
 Recently, private initiatives and international social enterprises have
 started to fill the void.
 Examples include Viamo's 3-2-1 service, which provides agricultural information
 through IVR; the Market-led, User-owned ICT4Ag-enabled Information Service
 (MUIIS) project, which uses ICTs to facilitate farmer-to-farmer extension;
 and the m-Omulimisa platform, through which farmers send SMS messages with
 questions to agricultural extension officers.
 Yet it remains to be seen whether these initiatives and enterprises are
 a substitute for public extension, or just provide a complementary function.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our study site in eastern Uganda, where maize is a critically important
 crop, there are two maize cropping seasons.
 We concentrated on the second maize-growing season of the year 2017, which
 ran from approximately August 2017 to January 2018.
 The second growing season is characterized by a shorter period of rainfall
 than the first, allowing only 3–3.5 months for the complete cycle from planting
 to harvest.
 As a result, farmers tend to cultivate early-maturing but lower-yielding
 maize varieties.
 Fields are prepared in August, planted in September, and harvested beginning
 in mid to late December and, at higher elevations, through mid January.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Experimental Design and Estimation of Treatment Effects
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Experimental-Design-and"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We evaluate the effectiveness of ICT-mediated agricultural extension using
 a field experiment 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "de2017field"

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
This study is part of a larger study that also examined the role of gender
 in video-mediated agricultural extension.
 The overall study took the form of a 
\begin_inset Formula $3^{3}$
\end_inset

 factorial design (plus a separate pure control group), where one factor
 corresponds to the information technology and the other two factors varied
 the gender of the person to whom the video was shown within the household
 and the gender of the person providing the information in the video.
 In this study, we restrict attention to the first factor.
 More information on the overall study can be found in the pre-analysis
 plan
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
, which is pre-registered and publicly available from the American Economic
 Association's registry for randomized controlled trials (AEARCTR-0002153)
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "fn:full_study"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

 The experiment has four treatment arms, and the IVR and SMS treatments
 are incremental in design.
 The experimental units are the households, which were randomly assigned
 to one of these four arms.
 A total of 3,703 households were shown an agricultural extension video,
 while 256 households (our control group) were shown a placebo video.
 From the 3,703 households that were shown the extension video, 2,414 also
 received an IVR starter kit: a flyer containing a toll-free phone number
 and instructions on how to use it.
 From the 2,414 households that were shown the video and received the IVR
 encouragement, 1,113 households were also allocated to the SMS treatment.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Ex ante, we expected the largest effect size for the video intervention,
 and power calculations indicated that we only needed about 250 observations
 in each group to detect this.
 Much smaller effects were expected from adding the other two technologies
 (as essentially no new information was given, see section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "sec:ICT-intervention"

\end_inset

), so a larger sample was needed to retain statistical power.
 Power calculations were based on an elaborate set of comparisons using
 different outcomes to power the complete 
\begin_inset Formula $3^{3}$
\end_inset

 factorial design.
 We used simulation techniques that allowed us to sample from actual data
 on outcome variables instead of from a theoretical distribution with an
 assumed mean and standard deviation.
 Apart from the sample size in the control group, sample size in other treatment
 arms are the result of binding constraints for minimal sample size needed
 to test differences in two other factors of the design.
 Detailed information on the power calculations can be found in the pre-analysis.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 From these districts, we removed town councils and also two sub-counties
 that consisted of islands in Lake Victoria.
 We used two-stage cluster sampling to obtain a representative sample of
 this population, as follows.
 From the five districts, we first selected 50 parishes randomly and in
 proportion to the number of villages within each parish.
 Within each village in the selected parishes, we then listed all households,
 from which we randomly selected 10 households to participate in the study.
 In each village, one of the 10 households was randomly allocated to the
 control group.
 The remaining 9 households were all shown the intervention video (detailed
 below).
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 that were allocated to the video intervention and further randomly allocated
 half of the households assigned to the IVR encouragement to the SMS treatment.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Following on from footnote 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "fn:full_study"

\end_inset

, we also experimentally varied who provided the information in the video
 (a man alone, a woman alone, or a couple (man+woman)) as well as to whom
 the video was shown within the household (a man alone, a woman alone, or
 a couple (man+woman)).
 In the context of a factorial design with two factors with each 3 levels,
 this corresponded to 9 treatment combinations.
 We thus used villages as blocs, and randomly assigned the 9 potential treatment
 combinations to the remaining 9 households in each village.
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 in each treatment cell.
 Among those that were allocated the IVR in each treatment cell, we then
 randomly allocated half of the households to the SMS treatment.
 As such, the treatment cells created by the interaction of the 2 other
 factors were used as blocs in the randomization of IVR and SMS treatments.
 Exactly the same sampling procedure was used in the permutation algorithm
 that was used to judge significance through randomization inference.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The resulting sample is representative of maize-cultivating households
 in these five districts of eastern Uganda.
 The sample is also potentially relevant to similar populations in the eastern
 and southern Africa region where we observe rainfed maize cultivation systems,
 consumption of maize as the primary staple food, and shared constraints
 to both the production and marketing of maize.
 Of course, significant policy and institutional differences between and
 among countries in this regions, such that the sample cannot be strictly
 representative of these otherwise similar populations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To evaluate the effectiveness of these different ICT treatments, we start
 by comparing average household-level outcomes among households that were
 shown the extension video to average outcomes of households in the control
 group.
 This gives us the average treatment effect for the video intervention.
 To obtain the additional effect of the IVR treatment, we compare average
 outcomes of households that were shown the video and were also allocated
 to the IVR treatment with households that were only shown videos.
 Finally, the additional effect of the SMS campaign is obtained by comparing
 outcomes of households that were shown the video, were encouraged to use
 IVR, and also received eight SMS reminders with outcomes of households
 that were shown the video and received the IVR system information, but
 did not receive the SMS reminders.
 In practice, this is estimated using an ordinary least squares (OLS) regression
 of the form:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
y_{i}=\alpha+\beta_{1}video_{i}+\beta_{2}.IVR_{i}+\beta_{3}.SMS{}_{i}+\varepsilon_{i}\label{eq:regression}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
with 
\begin_inset Formula $y_{i}$
\end_inset

 the outcome used to assess impact as reported by household 
\emph on
i
\emph default
; 
\begin_inset Formula $video_{i}$
\end_inset

 a dummy variable that is one if household 
\emph on
i
\emph default
 was shown a video and zero otherwise; 
\begin_inset Formula $IVR_{i}$
\end_inset

 a dummy variable that is one if household 
\emph on
i
\emph default
 was given an IVR starter kit and zero otherwise; 
\begin_inset Formula $SMS_{i}$
\end_inset

 a dummy variable that is one if household 
\emph on
i
\emph default
 was allocated to the SMS treatment and zero otherwise.
 In this regression, 
\begin_inset Formula $\alpha$
\end_inset

 is then the average outcome in the control group, 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{1}$
\end_inset

 provides an estimate of the effect of having been shown a video, 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{2}$
\end_inset

 provides an estimate of the incremental effect of also having been allocated
 to the IVR intervention and 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{3}$
\end_inset

 provides an estimate of the incremental effect of also having been allocated
 to the SMS intervention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Although we did not conduct a dedicated baseline survey, we did collect
 information prior to the experiment's rollout to investigate balance.
 The choice of variables was based on those used by similar studies in their
 orthogonality tests.
 In particular, we looked at variables used in studies that investigate
 the adoption of yield-improving technologies and practices using RCTs,
 including 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "duflo2011nudging"

\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doi:10.1093/qje/qju002"

\end_inset

, 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doi:10.1111/j.1467-8276.2009.01319.x"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "doi:10.1093/ajae/aau015"

\end_inset

.
 We collected household characteristics such as household size, age, education
 level of household head, and housing conditions (number of bedrooms), as
 well as more specific information related to maize farming, such as acreage
 and quantities produced in the last season, and distance to the nearest
 agro-input shop.
 In addition, we collected data on whether the household had received agricultur
al extension services, used improved maize varieties, and applied inorganic
 fertilizer to maize.
 As mobile phone ownership is directly relevant to the IVR and SMS interventions
, we also collected data on household access to and ownership of a mobile
 phone.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Preview

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Balance at baseline for ICT channel used to deliver information
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Balance"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	Mean	&	Video	&	+IVR	&	+SMS & N	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) 	&	267.93	&	17.41		&	7.57		&	-9.15		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(230.20)	&	(18.97)		&	(11.30)		&	(11.93)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of HH head (years) 	&	40.50	&	-1.05		&	0.87$^{*}$	&	-0.73		&	3,910	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(14.33)	&	(0.88)		&	(0.52)		&	(0.55)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH head finshed primary school 	&	0.37	&	-0.01		&	0.02		&	0.00		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.48)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH size 	&	7.72	&	-0.30		&	0.42^{***}$	&	-0.21		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(3.17)	&	(0.22)		&	(0.13)		&	(0.14)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms	&	2.32	&	-0.12		&	0.10^{**}$	&	-0.09^{*}$	&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(1.21)	&	(0.08)		&	(0.05)		&	(0.05)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year 	&	0.11	&	0.00		&	0.00		&	0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.31)	&	(0.02)		&	(0.01)		&	(0.01)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season 	&	0.17	&	0.04		&	0.01		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.37)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season 	&	0.34	&	0.04		&	0.01		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.47)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) 	&	5.18	&	0.17		&	0.13		&	0.34		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(4.89)	&	(0.36)		&	(0.22)		&	(0.23)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone 	&	0.76	&	0.01		&	0.01		&	0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.43)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone 	&	0.84	&	-0.01		&	0.02		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.36)	&	(0.02)		&	(0.01)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&		&			&			&			
\backslash

\backslash
		 F-test	&		&	0.820		&	1.186		&	1.143		
\backslash

\backslash
		 P-value	&		&	0.621		&	0.291		&	0.323		
\backslash

\backslash
		 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: First column reports control group means (and standard deviations
 below); Column 2 reports differences between 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

placebo (control) and video treatment (and standard error below), column
 3 between video only and video+ivr, column 4 between 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS; the last column is sample size; ***, ** and
 * denote that the difference is signficantly different from zero at 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

the 1, 5 and 10 percent level, respectively.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Balance"

\end_inset

, we provide descriptive statistics and balance tests for the comparisons
 among the three components of the intervention.
 Averages for the control group are reported in the first column.
 We observe that few households included in our study had access to agricultural
 extension in the previous year (about 11 percent).
 We also observe that only about 17 percent of households reported using
 any fertilizer in the previous season, and about 34 percent reported using
 improved seed bought from a shop or agro-input dealer during the most recent
 cropping season.
 This suggests ample scope to increase intensification investments through
 the provision of information and extension.
 We also find that farmers produced on average only 268 kg of maize per
 acre in the first cropping season of 2017.
 This is substantially lower than the average yield of 618 kg per acre we
 find in data from the 2005/06 Uganda National Household Survey.
 It is worth noting that these low yield figures from our sample may reflect
 the devastating impact of the fall armyworm outbreak and adverse weather
 conditions that plagued East Africa in 2017 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Stokstad473"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Balance is tested by assessing the significance of coefficient estimates
 in a regression (equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

) and with a joint significance test (F-test).
 The second column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Balance"

\end_inset

, denoted 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Video
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, compares baseline characteristics between households that were shown the
 placebo video (control group) and households that were shown the intervention
 video (
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{1}$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

).
 For example, we see that yields prior to the intervention were about 17
 kg per acre higher in the group that was shown the intervention video than
 in the group that was shown the placebo video.
 However, this difference is not significantly different from zero.
 In fact, for the placebo video versus intervention video comparison, none
 of the differences in baseline characteristics are significant at the 10
 percent significance level, and the F-statistic cannot be rejected.
 The third column shows differences in baseline characteristics between
 households that received the intervention video and households that received
 the IVR starter kit in addition to the video (denoted 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

+IVR
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

; corresponding to 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{2}$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

).
 Here, we see that, at baseline, households in the latter group were significant
ly larger than households that only saw the video.
 They also had significantly more bedrooms and the household head was slightly
 older.
 However, we cannot reject the null hypothesis that jointly, baseline characteri
stics were unrelated to the treatment group for this comparison.
 For the final comparison (comparing households that received video and
 IVR to those that additionally received SMS messages; reported in column
 four and denoted 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

+SMS
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and corresponding to 
\begin_inset Formula $\beta_{3}$
\end_inset

 in equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

), we find that treatment households had slightly fewer bedrooms, but the
 figure is only significant at the 10 percent level and the joint test does
 not reject overall balance.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We find that about 84 percent of households had access to a mobile phone
 prior to the intervention.
 This is encouraging, as the usefulness of IVR depends on access to a mobile
 phone.
 Further, we find that there was no difference in this percentage between
 the various treatment groups.
 The incidence of mobile phone ownership was also high, with about three-quarter
s of households reporting they own a mobile phone.
 Again, this is important as the potential effect of the SMS intervention
 depends on being able to receive the messages.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
ICT Intervention
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:ICT-intervention"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Our ICT-mediated extension approach consisted of three ICT interventions:
 a short video, an encouragement to use an IVR system, and a series of eight
 SMS messages.
 The videos were shown on 10-inch Android tablet computers and screened
 by a trained field enumerator during one-to-one meetings with either an
 individual farmer or the male and female co-heads of household.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In particular, the person or persons within the household to whom the video
 was shown was dictated by one of the other factors in the factorial design,
 and were either the man co-head within the household alone, the woman co-head
 within the household alone, or the man and woman co-heads as a couple together.
 As this factor was orthogonal to the factor corresponding to the information
 technologies in the factorial design, it does not matter who within the
 household the video is shown to, and the treatment effect corresponds to
 the average impact at the household level.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The control group received a placebo treatment, which was a music video
 of traditional dancing that contained no information related to farming
 or maize 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 Videos (treatment or placebo) were screened twice with the households in
 the sample, once prior to maize planting (August 2017) and once at planting
 time (September 2017).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The information contained in the treatment groups' video is expected to
 influence maize yields positively by encouraging the adoption of several
 improved technologies and practices.
 The topics included in the video script were obtained from qualitative
 interviews with key informants—experts from Uganda's agricultural research
 and extension community—that were conducted in May 2017.
 The key informants included maize farmers, traders, maize breeders, extension
 workers, district agricultural officers, and other government staff and
 experts.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A significant portion of the videos focuses on technical information regarding
 seed choice, soil nutrient management (including the promotion of both
 organic and inorganic fertilizer application), weeding (with particular
 attention paid to fighting striga, a parasitic weed that feeds off the
 roots of the maize plant), timely planting, and plant spacing, which were
 ranked by our key informants as the top challenges facing farmers.
 We made sure to include information that was likely to be unknown to the
 farmer, since information is likely to be most valuable when individuals
 learn about a new technology or institutional innovation.
 However, other studies also provide evidence of behavioral change occurring
 through the compounding or re-emphasis of common knowledge that, through
 repetition, becomes more salient to the individual 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion,doi:10.1093/qje/qju015"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the video also contains information that farmers likely know
 but do not seem to act upon.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That said, not all constraints to maize productivity improvement are associated
 with information deficiencies directly related to the use of inputs, technologi
es, and crop management practices.
 Often, missing information problems manifest indirectly, as uncertainty
 about a range of variables affecting the farm-household's profit function,
 which farmers may simply be unable to conceptualize or measure.
 This includes uncertainty about the correlations between expected and actual
 returns, the inter-temporality of income streams, estimates of fixed and
 variable costs, hidden transactions costs, and probabilities of adverse
 events.
 Thus, a significant portion of the video also focuses on evaluating the
 costs and benefits of the different technologies and practices being promoted.
 In addition, the videos encourage long-term thinking, advising farmers
 to (a) start small and grow their farm enterprise over time, and (b) combine
 technologies and practices rather than investing all their money and effort
 into one single input, practice, or technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We also pay attention to how the information is packaged.
 For instance, prior studies have found that farmers find communicators
 who face agricultural conditions and constraints most comparable to their
 own to be more persuasive than other communicators 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benyishay2018social"

\end_inset

.
 Several studies point out the importance of role models in shaping aspirations
 and future-oriented behavior 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 A growing strand of the literature investigates how noncognitive farmer
 characteristics such as aspirations, locus of control, and self-esteem
 can lead to behavioral change such as technology adoption 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, in our video, the message is conveyed by individuals who are
 readily recognized as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

peer farmers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and who provide information that is framed as a success story.
 Note that these peer farmers featured in the video represent the key source
 of information, while the enumerators charged with screening the video
 is neither an extension agent nor representing him or herself as an extension
 agent.
 However, the enumerators' level of education, training on the intervention,
 and understanding of the content make them a reasonable stand-in for extension
 agents in that they provide a consistent and complementary signal to the
 messaging in the video.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For the additional treatments—the IVR system and the SMS reminders—we collaborat
ed with Viamo, a social enterprise.
 We set up an IVR system that provided the same information as was presented
 in the video.
 Farm households that were allocated the IVR treatment were encouraged to
 call a toll-free number that explained the IVR system.
 The caller was invited to select the number corresponding to a topic on
 which he or she wanted more information (e.g., 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Press 1 for seed selection, 2 for spacing and seed rate, 3 for soil nutrient
 management, 4 for advice on weeding
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

).
 Depending on the number selected, the IVR then played an audio message
 of a conversation between two farmers, in which one farmer explains the
 recommended practice to the other farmer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We set up the SMS system by first recording telephone numbers for the mobile
 phones owned by the household head at the time of the experiment's rollout.
 Households that were allocated to the SMS treatment were sent eight SMS
 messages to the phone number in our records over the course of the two
 months following the first video screening.
 The messages all followed a similar structure: farmers were first reminded
 about an important technology or practice that was relevant at the particular
 time that the message was sent, and then reminded about the IVR service.
 The reminders were related to technologies and practices that were promoted
 in the video and IVR recommendations.
 For example, the first message, which was sent out around planting time,
 read 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

You will get much more maize if you use hybrid seed instead of recycled
 seed.
 Call the maize hotline on 0200522420 free for more advice!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 About one month into the growing season, the following message was sent:
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

When your maize is knee high, apply 1 water bottle cap of urea around each
 plant.
 Call the maize hotline on 0200522420 free for more advice!
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 All content was produced in the local language (Lusoga).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Following implementation of the field experiment, 342 households (or 8.63
 percent of the sample) could not be tracked or could not be persuaded to
 complete the endline survey.
 Given the relatively short time between baseline and endline, this is quite
 a large loss.
 Attrition was 7.03 percent in the control group; 8.74 percent in the group
 that was shown the video; 8.90 percent in the group that was shown the video
 and received the IVR encouragement; and 7.45 percent in the group that also
 received SMS messages in addition to the IVR encouragement and the video.
 We examine this attrition and find no differences between and among our
 various treatment and control groups to suggest bias.
 A complete analysis including balance tests and Manski bounds is presented
 in a separate section in the Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Results
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We now turn to the results.
 We estimate intent-to-treat (ITT) effects for the (incremental) impact
 of the three information technologies on a range of outcomes related to
 knowledge, adoption of improved inputs and recommended practices, and productio
n.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Impact on knowledge
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Knowledge outcomes were measured with a short quiz 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "feder2004acquisition,feder2004sending,masset2015does"

\end_inset

 consisting of four multiple-choice questions that were asked during the
 endline survey to each of the two spouses in the farm household separately.
 For each question, three possible answers were read out to the respondent,
 who was then asked to indicate which answer he or she thought was correct
 (which may differ from what he or she recalled from the video).
 The respondent was also allowed to indicate if he or she did not know the
 correct answer.
 The household was considered knowledgeable on a particular topic if at
 least one of the spouses could indicate the correct answer.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first question was related to technical knowledge about planting.
 In our video, we recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per
 hill, and this was the correct option.
 Other possible answers included a spacing of 75cm x 60cm with two seeds
 per hill, which is standard for many farmers and recommended by many extension
 agents in Uganda, and an intermediate alternative of 75cm x 30cm with two
 seeds per hill.
 Because our video recommended a technique that deviates from what is considered
 to be standard spacing, we assumed that the recommended practice was new
 to most of the farmers.
 This question thus tests a traditional theory of change, that holds that
 extension generates knowledge, which leads to increased adoption and subsequent
ly boosts yields.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second question was related to viewing farming as a business enterprise.
 In the video, we paid ample attention to promoting an approach where farmers
 start small and grow over time by reinvesting, and we emphasized the benefits
 of combining inputs rather than investing only in one input, for example,
 improved seed.
 To examine whether farmers internalize the advice provided, we asked them
 what a successful farmer would do if he or she had only UGX 40,000 (Ugandan
 shillings).
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
At the time this study was conducted, the exchange rate was approximately
 UGX 3,628 per USD.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The correct answer was to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use this amount to purchase improved seed and fertilizer and start intensified
 farming on a small area.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

Alternative options were to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy hybrid seeds, because without good seeds, yields
 will be low
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy fertilizer, because with poor soils, yields will
 be low.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question implies a theory of change that operates through more aspirationa
l channels by testing.
 it tests whether farmers understood the broader message that successful
 farmers generally see maize farming more as a business that requires foresight,
 planning, and risk-taking 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "lybbert2018poverty,bernard2014aspirations,RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For the third question, we asked if farmers knew when weeding is most important.
 The video showed that weeding is most important during the first four weeks
 after planting, as maize is a poor competitor for light and nutrients.
 We assumed that most farmers would know the correct answer to this question
 given that weeding is part of well-established management practices in
 the study area.
 Alternative answers were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is knee high
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is at tasseling stage.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question suggests a theory of change directly related to the saliency
 effect of ICT-mediated information provision 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion,doi:10.1093/qje/qju015"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we asked if farmers knew when spraying against fall armyworm is
 most effective.
 No information was given about combating fall armyworm in the intervention
 video, so unless our intervention unexpectedly encouraged farmers to search
 for additional information, we do not expect any impact.
 For this question, the correct option was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

during the evening, as fall armyworm eats during night,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 while the other options were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

early in the morning when it is still cool
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

at noon because sunlight increases chemical performance.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To guard against over-rejection of the null hypothesis due to multiple inference
, outcomes of the knowledge questions were combined into an index, constructed
 as the weighted mean of the individual standardized outcomes, using as
 weights the inverse of the covariance matrix of the transformed outcomes
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "anderson2008multiple"

\end_inset

.
 However, we also see value in examining the impact on the questions individuall
y, as they attempt to measure different aspects of the information intervention.
 To control the family-wise error rate (FWER) when examining results for
 each question individually, we use re-randomization to construct the joint
 null distribution for the family of outcomes we are testing.
 From this family-wise sharp null, we can obtain the corresponding FWER-consiste
nt significance thresholds by determining which cut-offs yield 10 percent,
 5 percent, and 1 percent significant hypothesis tests across all tests
 and simulations.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on knowledge outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.155	&	0.132$^{***}$	&	0.000	&	-0.020	&	0.227	&	0.01
0	&	0.571	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.363)	&	(0.030)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	0.908	&	0.045$^{**}$	&	0.011	&	-0.016	&	0.114	&
	0.009	&	0.416	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.290)	&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1)	&	0.954	&	-0.017	&	0.323	&	0.009	&	0.357	&	-0.0
02	&	0.811	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.210)	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.010)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) &	0.336	&	-0.018	&	0.590	&	-0.017	&	0.503	&	0.019	
&	0.310	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.075	&	0.089$^{***}$	&	0.002	&	-0.021	&	0.335	&	0.056	&	0.561	&	3,
629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.565)	&	(0.041)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 shows results for the three incremental levels of ICT-mediated information
 delivery using different information technologies.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
As we found only limited imbalance in baseline covariates in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Balance"

\end_inset

, we do not include baseline variables as control here.
 However, we also did the analysis with controls, results of which can be
 found in Appendix Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_knowledge"

\end_inset

 through 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_production"

\end_inset

.
 Results are not sensitive to inclusion of baseline variables.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The first column reports mean scores in the control group (with standard
 deviations reported below in parentheses).
 For the four individual questions, this is simply the proportion of households
 in the control group that answered the particular question correctly.
 For instance, we find that in almost 16 percent of the households in the
 control group, at least one of the spouses indicated the correct option
 among the response alternatives to the question on optimal maize seed spacing.
 This relatively low rate of correct responses is likely due to the fact
 that this is a fairly new recommendation that deviates from what farmers
 were taught in the past and have been doing for decades.
 We find that in about 91 percent of control households, at least one spouse
 knew inputs were best combined, and in more than 95 percent of control
 households it was known that weeding is most important during the first
 four weeks.
 In about one-third of households, at least one spouse knew how to fight
 fall armyworm.
 For the knowledge index, the mean is harder to interpret, as it is the
 result of a weighted mean after standardization of the individual components
 of the index.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the second column, we report the impact of having been shown the video
 (with standard errors of the estimated coefficients reported below in parenthes
es).
 We find that having viewed the video increases the likelihood that at least
 one spouse knows the recommended spacing by 13.2 percentage points.
 This difference is significantly different from zero at the 1 percent FWER-adju
sted significance level (randomization inference-based p-values are shown
 in the third column; asterisks denote significance as compared to FWER-adjusted
 thresholds).
 We also find that the video increases the likelihood that at least one
 spouse knows that inputs are best combined for optimal results by 4.5 percentage
 points.
 This difference is statistically significant at the 5 percent FWER-adjusted
 significance level.
 For the question on weeding, the video does not seem to have had a significant
 effect.
 However, this result should be interpreted with care due to limited variation
 in the outcome.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
In fact, our pre-analysis plan specifies that we would drop from the analysis
 variables where 95 percent of outcomes are the same value.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Finally, on the fall armyworm question, we find that households that were
 shown the video are no more likely than control households to know when
 one should spray to control the pest.
 This suggests that the videos did not encourage farmers to actively search
 for information on topics that were not explicitly covered.
 Overall, and as confirmed by the knowledge index, we conclude that the
 agricultural extension videos increased knowledge at the household level,
 and that this increase seems especially pronounced for novel information
 provided in the videos.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fourth column (+IVR) shows the incremental effect of IVR (with standard
 errors of the estimated coefficients reported below in parentheses, and
 corresponding randomization inference-based p-values in the fifth column).
 We see that the IVR encouragement does not additionally affect knowledge
 about the new recommended spacing.
 Similarly, there is no additional effect on knowledge related to the optimal
 time for weeding, nor on combating fall armyworm.
 The fact that there is no supplementary effect of the IVR encouragement
 on knowledge is confirmed by the non-significant difference in the knowledge
 index.
 The sixth column (+SMS) reports the additional effect of the SMS reminders
 on the various questions and the index (with randomization inference-based
 p-values reported in the seventh column).
 Similar to the impact of IVR, we do not find an additional effect of the
 SMS campaign on any of the questions.
 We also do not find an effect of the SMS campaign as judged by the knowledge
 index.
 The fact that the IVR and SMS components have no additional knowledge effects
 is perhaps not surprising, as they did not provide new information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\series bold
Adoption effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next, we consider changes in household-level adoption of recommended farming
 practices as a result of the intervention.
 In the endline survey, we collected detailed information on practices employed
 on household maize plots.
 Mean adoption rates in the control group for different practices are reported
 in the first column of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

.
 For instance, the video recommends that farmers start planting maize immediatel
y after the start of the rains.
 We find that 37 percent of households in the control group reported that
 they started planting within one day after the start of the rains on at
 least one plot—a relatively high rate of adoption for this practice that
 indicates the extent to which it is likely known among farmers.
 We also find that only 2.6 percent of households in the control group applied
 the recommended plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of
 one seed per hill.
 This low rate in the control group is not surprising given that this was
 a new recommendation.
 Almost 69 percent of control households reported removing striga before
 it flowered to reduce damage early on and prevent the weed from spreading.
 Finally, about 43 percent of control households reported first weeding
 after 18-20 days, a practice that was also recommended in the video.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on adoption of recommended practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	0.366	&	-0.001	&	0.966	&	0.008	&
	0.673	&	-0.002	&	0.919	&	3,509	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.483)	&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) 	&	0.026	&	0.062$^{**
*}$	&	0.001	&	-0.003	&	0.776	&	0.013	&	0.236	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.158)	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 		&	0.689	&	0.057$^{*}$	&	0.030	&	-0.005	&	0.819	&	0.0
20	&	0.240	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.464)	&	(0.030)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1)  &	0.430	&	0.015	&	0.682	&	0.012	&	0.560	&	-0.0
06	&	0.789	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.496)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index	&	-0.083	&	0.077$^{***}$	&	0.006	&	0.009	&	0.670	&	0.039	&
	0.378	&	3,509	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.036)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The second column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 again reports the difference in the adoption of practices between households
 that were shown the intervention video and households that were given the
 placebo treatment (with standard errors of the estimated coefficients in
 parenthesis below and corresponding randomization inference-based p-values
 in column 3).
 We find that for the first recommended practice, timely planting, there
 is no impact from the video treatment.
 However, the likelihood that households adopt the recommended 75cm x 30cm
 spacing with a reduced seed rate increases significantly after having viewed
 the video: while only 2.6 percent of households in the control group reported
 adopting this practice on at least one plot, this figure increases to 8.8
 percent among households that were shown the video.
 This difference is significant at the 1 percent FWER-adjusted significance
 level.
 Similarly, we find that the proportion of households that removed striga
 early on increased from 68.9 percent to 74.6 percent as a result of viewing
 the video (with a randomization inference-based p-value of 0.030, significant
 at the 10 percent FWER-adjusted significance level).
 Finally, while the proportion of households that reported having started
 weeding after 18–20 days is higher among households that were shown the
 video than those in the control group, the difference is not significantly
 different from zero.
 Estimation results for the index that summarizes the different practices
 confirms that overall, we can conclude that the videos significantly increased
 the adoption of recommended practices.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The fourth and fifth columns of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 report results for the additional effect of the IVR encouragement, with
 estimates reported in column 4 (and the corresponding randomization inference-b
ased p-values in column 5).
 We do not find any significant additional effect of the IVR treatment on
 any of the recommended practices.
 The sixth column reports estimates for the additional effect of the SMS
 campaign (with the corresponding randomization inference-based p-values
 in column 7).
 Although we do find that the proportion of households that reported having
 removed striga before flowering is 20 percentage points higher in the treatment
 group, and we also find a small positive effect on seed spacing and seed
 rate, the differences are not significant.
 The fact that both the IVR encouragement and the SMS campaign have no additiona
l impact on adoption of practices is confirmed by the indices.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next, we examine results related to the use of agricultural inputs.
 Results are reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

.
 In the top panel, we examine results separately for the three types of
 fertilizer that were recommended in the video, and again use an index to
 assess changes in overall fertilizer use.
 The first column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

 reports mean adoption rates in the control group.
 We find that 26 percent of control households reported that they used DAP
 or NPK on at least one of their maize plots, while the use of urea was
 less widespread with only 5.1 percent of control households reporting urea
 use on at least one plot.
 Among control households, 16.2 percent reported using organic fertilizer
 on at least one plot.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on fertilizer and improved seed use
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.260	&	-0.043	&	0.119	&	0.022	&	0.159
	&	-0.007	&	0.699	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.439)	&	(0.029)	&		&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.051	&	0.050$^{**}$	&	0.011	&	0.013	&	0.
277	&	-0.023	&	0.071	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.221)	&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.162	&	0.073$^{**}$	&	0.0
07	&	-0.038$^{*}$	&	0.024	&	0.030	&	0.070	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.369)	&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index	&	-0.056	&	0.065$^{**}$	&	0.038	&	-0.003	&	0.887	&	0.016	&	0.953	&	3,5
72	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.548)	&	(0.040)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
															
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{improved seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.294	&	0.003	&	0.925	&	0.0
41$^{**}$	&	0.028	&	-0.049$^{*}$	&	0.009	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.456)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.298	&	-0.027	&	0.
410	&	0.012	&	0.493	&	0.025	&	0.393	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.458)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.032	&	-0.068	&	0.551	&	0.059$^{**}$	&	0.025	&	0.016	&	0.429	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.693)	&	(0.046)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The impact of showing the video on fertilizer use is reported in column
 2 and 3 of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

.
 We see that the video treatment increased the use of urea by 5 percentage
 points (with a randomization inference-based p-value of 0.011, and significance
 at the 5 percent FWER-adjusted significance level).
 We also find that the use of organic fertilizer increased by about 7.3 percentag
e points as a result of the video treatment.
 Summarizing the three types of fertilizer in an index shows a positive
 difference between treatment and control, with the difference significant
 at the 5 percent level.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The incremental impact of the IVR encouragement is reported in columns 4
 and 5 of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

.
 While the difference between treatment and control is positive for both
 types of inorganic fertilizer, the effects are not significant.
 However, we do find that the IVR encouragement reduced the proportion of
 households that reported using organic fertilizer by 3.8 percentage points.
 The opposing effects result in an insignificant index.
 The additive effect of the SMS campaign is reported in columns 6 and 7
 of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

, and suggests no effect of the SMS campaign on fertilizer use.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the lower panel of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

, we report results for the use of improved seed.
 We differentiate between maize hybrids and open-pollinated maize varieties.
 Use rates are about the same for both types.
 We find that the video treatment does not change these percentages (columns
 2 and 3).
 However, we do find an effect from the IVR encouragement: the percentage
 of households that reported having used hybrid seed on a least one plot
 was 4.1 percentage points higher in the treatment group.
 Apparently, providing farmers with a tool that allows them to actively
 seek out information about a new input or technology increases the likelihood
 that they also adopt hybrid maize seed.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Consistent with this interpretation, we find that among farmers that called
 the IVR service and selected the topic on seed selection, 38 percent reported
 that they used hybrid seed.
 This rate is only 35 percent among those that called but did not select
 this topic.
 However, the difference is not statistically significant.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The impact of the IVR treatment on improved seed use is confirmed by the
 seed index.
 The SMS campaign appears to counteract the effect of the IVR on hybrid
 seed use.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection

\series bold
Production effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we turn to the intervention's effects on production-related outcomes.
 We first examine household-level maize production.
 In the endline survey, we asked both spouses separately to estimate how
 much maize was harvested from each maize plot.
 These quantities were then summed over the different maize plots assessed
 by each spouse and the average between the two spouses was taken as the
 final estimate of household-level maize production.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The first column in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset

 shows mean values for the production indicators for the control group.
 On average, control households produce (log(kg)) 5.825 or about 440 kg of
 maize
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
this may need to be clarified in the text as well: 17.
 Logarithmic calculation for production quantity: Is this not a natural
 log? ln(440) is not 5.814.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
This is the natural log.
 However, 440 is the average in levels: 
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\sum x}{n}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
The 5.814 is the average *after* taking the log:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\sum ln(x)}{n}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
(which is different from taking the log of the average, which seems to be
 what the reviewer is hinting at).
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
 This was cultivated on (log(acre)) 0.019 or about 1.19 acres on average.
 It also shows that for the average household in the control, maize yields
 (log(kg/acre)) equal 5.846 or about 430 kg/acre.
 This is much higher than yields recorded at baseline (290 kg/acre) for
 the previous season, possibly because rainfall patterns were better during
 the season of our intervention and farmers may have given greater attention
 to combating fall armyworm.
 Still, compared to figures recorded in FAOSTAT (1,000 kg/acre) or figures
 from other household survey data (typically around 600 kg/acre), yields
 in our sample were below what might be considered 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

normal
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in Uganda.
 This low yield level is also confirmed by the fact that in less than 40
 percent of households at least one spouse reported that yields were better
 than a typical year on at least one plot.
 We also look at labor use.
 The average household spent about 72 person-days on maize farming, which
 includes labor that was hired in.
 This translates to a labor productivity of 6.73 kg of maize per hour worked.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on production outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg)) &	5.825	&	-0.017	&	0.747	&	0.045	&	0.316	&	0.042	&	0.351	&	3
,347	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.754)	&	(0.059)	&		&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.036)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	0.019	&	-0.100$^{*}$	&	0.020	&	-0.010	&	0.683	&	0.023	&	0.390
	&	3,339	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.579)	&	(0.045)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre)) 	&	5.846	&	0.100$^{*}$	&	0.025	&	0.039	&	0.292	&	-0.002	&	0.
935	&	3,301	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.049)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.030)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1) 	&	0.387	&	0.023	&	0.496	&	0.001	&	0.971	&	0.035	&	0.1
33	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.488)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(mandays)) &	4.134	&	-0.010	&	0.786	&	-0.010	&	0.706	&	0.036	&	0.122	&	3,381
	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.580)	&	(0.042)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/mandays)) 	&	1.650	&	0.024	&	0.649	&	0.073	&	0.062	&	-0.00
9	&	0.750	&	3,346	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.719)	&	(0.056)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	-0.050	&	0.043$^{**}$	&	0.024	&	0.007	&	0.607	&	0.026	&	0.565	&	3,29
7	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.364)	&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&	(0.016)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the second column of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset

, we report the impact of the video treatment (with corresponding randomization
 inference-based p-values in column 3) for the various production-related
 outcomes.
 We see that there is no impact on (log) maize production.
 However, we do see that households in the video treatment produced this
 same amount of maize on an area that is about 10.5 percent smaller than
 the area used for maize production by control households.
 As a result, we also find that among households in the video treatment,
 yields are about 10.5 percent higher than among the control group.
 This difference is significant at the 10 percent FWER-adjusted significance
 level.
 The fact that the video intervention has a clear effect on production-related
 outcomes is also reflected in the significant difference in the production
 index (aggregating amount produced, area cultivated, labor used, and a
 subjective assessment of maize yield) between treatment and control.
 That said, we do not find that households in the video treatment were more
 inclined to feel that yields were better than normal than were households
 in the control group.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Farmers may have confused yields with production.
 Consistent with our recommendation to start small and combine technologies
 and the results that yield effects are due to producing the same amounts
 on smaller plots, farmers may indicate that on the plot the same amount
 of maize was produced when part was left fallow or planted with another
 crop.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Results are again consistent with the content provided in the video.
 In particular, the video advised that farmers experiment on a small part
 of their field with modern inputs, following recommended practices, and
 advised against using improved seed on their entire field if this does
 not leave sufficient money for complementary inputs such as fertilizer.
 Further, the video advised farmers to cultivate a more commercial mindset,
 paying ample attention to the idea of starting small and growing over time
 through re-investing.
 Columns 4 and 5 report the additive effect of the IVR treatment on production-r
elated outcomes.
 As with previous outcomes, there seems to be little impact from this treatment.
 Similarly, we do not find additional effects on production-related outcomes
 from the SMS treatment.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Additional Analysis and Robustness Tests
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "sec:Additional-analysis-and"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While we find significant effects from the video intervention, we find limited
 additional effects from the IVR and SMS treatments.
 In this section, we explore potential reasons for this and provide further
 analysis to explore the robustness of our findings.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Demand for IVR and local average treatment effects
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In an encouragement design such as the IVR treatment, households self-select
 into the treatment.
 Based on the call log generated by the IVR system, we find that only a
 small number of households that were encouraged to use the IVR system actually
 called in (8.9 percent or 214 households).
 It may be instructive to look at differences in baseline characteristics
 between households that ultimately decided to make use of the IVR system
 and those that did not.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Determinants-of-IVR"

\end_inset

 shows results from an OLS regression of an indicator that takes the value
 of one if the IVR system log showed that a household called in at least
 once using the household head's phone number that was recorded during baseline
 data collection, and zero otherwise, on various baseline variables (and
 the SMS treatment allocation).
 Results indicate that none of the baseline characteristics predict demand
 for the IVR service, except for access to a mobile phone.
 We also find that the SMS reminders seem to have increased the likelihood
 that farmers called the IVR hotline, as was intended.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Since demand for the IVR service is endogenous, we cannot simply compare
 outcomes of households that called into the system to those that did not.
 Furthermore, it may be that farmers who were provided with information
 about the IVR service passed this on to households that were shown the
 video but were not allocated to the IVR treatment.
 Noncompliance by the control group may lead to a downward bias of the treatment
 effects estimated in the previous section.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
However, we find that only 1 percent of farmers who were allocated to the
 control group called the IVR system.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 However, with two-sided noncompliance, local average treatment effects
 (LATE) can be estimated, where the random allocation to the IVR encouragement
 is used as an instrument for the variable that measures calling into the
 IVR system 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.2307/2951620"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

 in the Appendix correspond to Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset

 to show LATE estimates for the IVR intervention's additional effects.
 In all of these tables, means and standard deviations in the control group
 are repeated for reference in the first column.
 In the second column, we report the results of a two-stage least squares
 (2SLS) regression where we instrument a dummy variable that a household
 called the IVR with the random allocation to the IVR encouragement.
 We report point estimates together with standard errors in parentheses
 below; corresponding p-values are reported in the third column.
 (This same structure is used in all Appendix Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Results do not change much from those reported in the previous section.
 For knowledge-related outcomes and the use of recommended practices (Appendix
 Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_late"

\end_inset

), point estimates for the IVR impact are generally much higher in absolute
 value, but remain insignificant.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_LATE"

\end_inset

 confirms the previous finding that the likelihood of using organic fertilizer
 reduces among households that called into the IVR system.
 For improved seed use, we find results that are again similar to the previous
 section, with IVR increasing the likelihood of using hybrid seed among
 households that called into the IVR system, although the seed index is
 no longer significant.
 Finally, few effects show up as significant when production-related outcomes
 are considered (Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thus, even after accounting for noncompliance, we find that additional effects
 from the IVR treatment are limited, particularly when assessed with outcome
 indices.
 A possible reason why we fail to find significant effects that are consistent
 with the effects from the video for the additional treatment may be that
 the partial compliance greatly reduces the power of the design.
 Again, only 8.9 percent of households that were selected for the IVR treatment
 also actually called in from the phone number we recorded at baseline.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that the minimum detectable effect
 (MDE) size for maize yields in the original IVR design would be about 6.4
 percent.
 With only 8.9 percent compliance, the MDE increases to 71.6 percent.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
( 1.96+ 0.84)* sqrt(1/(0.6519039 *(1-0.6519039))) * sqrt((0.6596119)^2/3703)*1/.089
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This low compliance rate may reflect low demand for the service.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "New1"

\end_inset

 also find very low uptake of similar demand driven extension technologies
 in their analysis of different ICT enabled extension programs in Kenya
 and Rwanda.
 In one experiment where farmers were offered a phone call from an extension
 agent, only 8 percent of farmers requested a call during planting season.
 In another project, farmers also had access to a toll-free number, but
 only about 1 percent of treated farmers (35 callers) used it.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

 find 88 percent of farmers called a hotline, but this use rate was attained
 only after two years of intensive exposure to the system using bi-weekly
 reminders and for a study population of cotton farmers that expressed willingne
ss to participate and owned a mobile phone.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 However, we suspect that our indicator of take-up of the intervention is
 likely to significantly underestimate true compliance.
 In particular, our indicator of compliance is taken from the IVR system
 log, where recorded phone numbers are matched to phone numbers that were
 recorded during baseline data collection.
 This indicator is likely to severely underreport true compliance, as encouraged
 farmers may have used different phones to call the IVR.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
The fact that 430 unique calls to the system were recorded, representing
 about 18 percent of encouraged households, confirms this suspicion.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Using our measure of compliance, we cannot maintain that the exclusion
 restriction holds, as some of the potential outcomes are directly determined
 by the instrument.
 The problem becomes apparent when we think about LATE as the Wald estimator
 that scales the ITT by compliance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "angrist_mostly_2008"

\end_inset

.
 In our case, the ITT will be estimated on the basis of all farmers encouraged
 to call into the IVR system.
 Our measure of compliance forces the LATE estimation to work with the 214
 households that show up in the IVR log and could be identified in the baseline,
 rather than through the 430 farmers who called in, which in the case of
 a positive impact would lead to an overestimate of the impact of the treatment
 among compliers.
 It is well known that especially in the context of a weak first stage,
 the bias can become extremely large 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2007using"

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
A similar concern applies to our indicator of take-up of the SMS treatment.
 Here, however, we fear that compliance is overestimated and so the instrumental
 variable (IV) estimates will result in a downward bias of the impact of
 the treatment on compliers.
 That is, our indicator of compliance is again derived from the system logs
 and simply looks at message delivery to the intended phone.
 Probably not all farmers also opened the messages and read them.
 But the problem is likely to be less severe here, given a stronger first
 stage and a likely smaller difference between measured compliance and real
 compliance.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The above explanation may make interpretation of the LATE effects difficult,
 and we thus recommend focusing on ITT effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Experimenter demand effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A key concern with this study is the use of self-reported survey data on
 key outcomes, as opposed to outcomes that are measured by a third party
 in a more objective way.
 Study participants may report what they feel is desired in that context
 (social desirability bias).
 In an RCT, social desirability bias becomes a concern if it is correlated
 to the treatment, which is sometimes referred to as experimenter demand
 effects 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "zizzo2010experimenter"

\end_inset

.
 While recent research suggests that experimenter demand effects may be
 less problematic than initially thought 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "de2018measuring,mummolo2019demand"

\end_inset

, we offer the following thoughts on why experimenter demand effects are
 unlikely to drive our results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, during the design of the endline questionnaire, we tried to minimize
 potential experimenter demand effects by careful formulation of the questions.
 Experimenter demand effects are more likely to be a concern for simple
 yes/no questions than for more open-ended questions.
 For instance, in our endline survey, we did not ask if farmers used 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of one seed per hill
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as recommended.
 Rather, we asked farmers to describe the planting process, and the enumerator
 was then required to select an appropriate response from a list of options
 that was not revealed to the farmer.
 For input adoption, we started from broad questions (e.g., whether fertilizer
 was used on a particular plot) and then asked farmers to provide further
 details (e.g., about fertilizer type, timing of application, quantities,
 and price), thereby allowing enumerators to detect inconsistencies that
 might signal experimenter demand effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Second, in our endline survey, not all outcomes are equally likely to be
 affected by experimenter demand effects.
 For instance, experimenter demand effects are probably less likely to be
 an issue for the multiple choice questions used to measure knowledge than
 for questions about implementation of recommended practices or the use
 of inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed.
 It is reassuring that there is consistency between effects found on questions
 that are more and less prone to experimenter demand effect.
 In other words, if we had found that our interventions did not result in
 a change in knowledge related to optimal plant spacing, yet farmers reported
 that they did apply optimal plant spacing on their plots, we would be more
 worried that the latter effect was driven by experimenter demand effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Heterogeneous treatment effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this section, we explore potential heterogeneity in the treatment effects.
 We do this by running the regression model 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

 again, but only for a particular group of farmers as determined by their
 baseline characteristics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
First, we test if treatment effects differ with the education levels of
 farmers.
 We mentioned in the introduction that video may be particularly effective
 in transferring information to less-educated or illiterate farmer.
 We estimate equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

, but only for the subset of farmers who did not finish primary schooling,
 which is about 65 percent of farmers in our sample.
 In Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:cate_know"

\end_inset

, which corresponds to Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 for the full sample, we report larger outcomes among less-educated farmers
 from the video intervention for knowledge about optimal spacing and seed
 rate, and to a lesser extent about the benefits of combining inputs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Next, we examine how treatment effects vary with distance to an agro-input
 dealer.
 We consider this source of heterogeneity because even with information
 on a particular input's existence, use, or benefits, it is possible that
 adoption may still be constrained by access or affordability.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:cate_tech"

\end_inset

 shows estimations similar to those reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

, but only for the subset of farmers who live relatively close to an agro-input
 dealer.
 We define this proximity as residing within a 5 km radius of a dealer,
 a threshold that captures about two thirds of farmers in our sample.
 We find that the treatment effect of the video intervention on the likelihood
 that farmers report using urea increases by 2.1 percentage points, while
 the effect for organic fertilizer use remains similar to that obtained
 for the full sample.
 We also find that the treatment effect of the IVR encouragement on hybrid
 seed use increases by 1.4 percentage points.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

, we already examined the narrowing effect of the IVR encouragement on farmers
 who actually called in.
 However, when also considering the additional SMS treatment, one might
 expect to see an effect only for households that have a mobile phone.
 Averaging outcomes over all households may dilute the treatment effect,
 making it more difficult to detect a significant difference between the
 treatment group and control group.
 We thus estimate equation 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "eq:regression"

\end_inset

 again, but only for the subset of households that reported owning a mobile
 phone.
 Results from this estimation do not suggest anything different from the
 findings reported in the previous section.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Cost-Effectiveness
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Cost-effectiveness and scalability are often major selling points for ICT-mediat
ed interventions such as ours.
 While we did not collect detailed information on prices paid for inputs
 or the cost of labor, we can use the estimates above together with aggregate
 price data and some reasonable assumptions to formulate cost and benefit
 calculations.
 We first check if the video intervention affected profitability of the
 average farmer and then compare the total cost of the intervention to the
 total benefit derived by the farmers in our study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In our sample, a bag of 100-kg of maize was sold at a median price of UGX
 60,000.
 With control household reporting yields of 430 kg per acre, the corresponding
 value per acre is UGX 258,000.
 In the sub-sample that received the video treatment, yields increased to
 475 kg per acre, corresponding to UGX 285,000.
 This means a difference in income of UGX 27,000 per acre, or about USD
 7.7.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
From this, we subtract the cost of inputs.
 In the intervention, we recommended two hybrid seed types, Longe 10H and
 UH5354 (commonly known as Bazooka).
 At the time of the experiment, Longe 10H sold for UGX 6,000 per kg, while
 Bazooka sold for UGX 8,500 per kg.
 However, our data show that the use of Bazooka was marginal and not correlated
 to the treatment.
 Thus, we only use the price of Longe 10H in the cost calculations.
 We further recommended two open-pollinated varieties, Longe 5 and Longe
 4, of which Longe 5 is the more common variety.
 Both types cost about UGX 3,000 per kg.
 A farmer needs about 8 kg of seed to plant one acre.
 Inorganic fertilizers are probably the largest expense.
 The retail price of urea was about UGX 2,500 per kg, while DAP cost UGX
 3,000 per kg.
 We recommended using 60 kg each of both DAP and urea per acre.
 We assume that organic fertilizer is free, but may increase labor costs
 (see below).
 The spacing and seed rate we recommended in the intervention is unlikely
 to increase the costs of seed.
 We recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per hill.
 Most farmers use 75cm x 60cm spacing with two seeds per hill, which requires
 the same amount of seed per unit of land.
 We thus simply multiply the cost of these inputs by the likelihood that
 they were applied in both control and treatment group (Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

) and subtract this from the income obtained from maize.
 Doing so actually increases the difference in income between treatment
 and control somewhat, as the likelihood that farmers use the more expensive
 fertilizer DAP reduces somewhat, while the likelihood that farmers use
 urea increases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Changes in the cost of labor are harder to value.
 Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 shows an increase in the practice of removing striga early on, which is
 likely to increase labor.
 The new spacing recommendation also means more hills are needed, which
 may also have an impact on labor, as does the increased use of organic
 fertilizer.
 At the same time, in our endline data, we do not find that the video treatment
 is significantly correlated to the time spent on preparing the land (which
 includes application of inorganic fertilizer), to time spent on weeding,
 or to the likelihood that labor is hired in.
 In addition, labor is relatively low in cost at UGX 6,000 per day.
 Valuing work related to organic fertilizer adoption at 3 days, the adoption
 of the new planting method at 2 days, and the work for weeding at 10 days
 (which is the time needed to weed one acre), the difference in profit between
 treatment and control reduces to UGX 22,464 or about USD 6.4.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The entire intervention cost close to USD 37,000.
 Almost 40 percent of this was fixed costs such as the production of the
 video (USD 6,300) and the cost of procuring 20 tablet computers (together
 totaling USD 5,600).
 We also trained the enumerators at a total cost of USD 2,224.
 Variable costs are estimated to be about USD 5.54 for the two video screenings
 for an average farmer in the area.
 This includes time for the enumerator to show the video, time for enumerator
 supervision, car hire with driver, and fuel needed to reach the households.
 We thus find that the variable cost is lower than the expected return per
 farmer (which is USD 6.9 as the average farmer has a plot of 1.08 acres).
 Including the fixed cost implies that the video intervention would only
 break even at about 10,000 households.
 If the intervention were rolled out to all 360,000 households in the five
 districts where it was piloted, the internal rate of return would be about
 23 percent.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.912*360000/(14124 + 2*2.77*360000) 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
It may be possible to reduce variable costs considerably.
 The largest component of the variable cost was the cost of the person showing
 the videos to individual households.
 Currently, an extension worker with a bachelor's degree costs about the
 same as what we paid our enumerators (UGX 100,000 per day).
 One may argue that one does not need to have a university degree to show
 a video, in which case extension workers with only a diploma could be used
 at roughly UGX 77,000 per day.
 This would bring the variable cost down to about USD 2.36 for a single screening
 to the average farmer.
 Other cost savings may be obtained by showing videos to groups of farmers
 instead of individually, or direct streaming of videos to devices of farmers.
 However, this touches upon potentially important design features of the
 intervention than may alter outcomes, and as such requires additional testing.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Conclusion
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this study, we evaluated a comprehensive ICT-mediated agricultural extension
 approach consisting of three components—video, IVR, and SMS—introduced
 as incremental treatments to small-scale maize farmers in eastern Uganda.
 These components combine several distinct characteristics designed to lift
 both information and behavioral constraints to technical change.
 The video component combines information provision with packaging in a
 medium that relies on farmer-actors speaking in the local language in a
 manner relatable to the farmers viewing the video.
 However, the video medium tends to be passive in nature, potentially limiting
 information retention by viewers, especially where there is a lag between
 viewing and use of the information.
 To address this shortcoming, we introduce an IVR service, which allows
 the farmer to play a more active role in information acquisition through
 the navigation of menu-based choices leading to pre-recorded messages containin
g the same information as provided in the video.
 Finally, given that farmers' decision-making may be less related to information
 inefficiencies and more behavioral in nature, we introduce a series of
 SMS messages to remind farmers to use key inputs or apply key practices
 at relevant points during the season.
 We test this approach with nearly 4,000 smallholder maize farmers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
To assess the effectiveness of the video component, we compare outcomes
 for a random subset of farmers who were shown an informational video to
 a random subset of farmers who were shown a placebo video.
 From this initial treatment group, two-thirds of the farmers who were shown
 the video were randomly assigned to receive an IVR starter kit that encouraged
 them call into the IVR service.
 From this second treatment group, half of the farmers were then randomly
 assigned to receive a series of eight time-sensitive SMS reminders related
 to the recommended practices and technologies, along with a reminder to
 use the IVR service to obtain additional information.
 The design of this experiment allows us to estimate the effect of the video
 treatment as well as the additional effects of the IVR encouragement and
 SMS treatments.
 Effectiveness was measured in terms of gains in content knowledge, adoption
 of recommended practices, use of recommended inputs, and increases in productio
n-related measures.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Findings indicate that in our study site and context, the video-enabled
 extension approach significantly affected a range of outcomes.
 We find evidence of increases in knowledge outcomes, particularly for new
 practices and technologies; increases in the adoption of recommended practices,
 particularly those that were new and otherwise unknown to farmers; and
 increases in the use of certain types of fertilizers (urea and organic).
 Importantly, we also find evidence of increases in maize yields on the
 order of 10.5 percent.
 While we do not find effects of the additional IVR treatment on knowledge-,
 adoption-, or production-related outcomes, there is some evidence to suggest
 that farmers who received the IVR encouragement were more likely to use
 hybrid maize seed, which is one of several important inputs to improving
 on-farm productivity.
 Finally, we do not find effects of the additional SMS treatment on any
 outcomes of interest.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The significant and positive effects of the video-enabled approach found
 in our field experiment are encouraging for several reasons.
 First, they are potentially relevant not just to our study population but
 also to a wider population of small-scale farmers who depend on maize for
 both production and consumption in eastern and southern Africa.
 Second, they are generally consistent with other studies that make use
 of video.
 Third, they extend the body of evidence on ICT-enabled extension to a new
 country, context, and design, deepening the literature on this topic.
 It is less clear what we can learn from the null results for the additional
 treatments.
 In other studies, IVR or similar hotlines have been shown to have impact
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, and SMS messaging has similarly been shown to be successful in a variety
 of contexts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the lack of evidence of impact may be specific to the nature
 of the incremental design and results may be quite different in, for instance,
 a parallel design.
 But even in the narrow context of our experiment, where an effort was made
 to study particular characteristics of the interventions such as the demand-dri
ven nature of IVR or the ability of SMS to make information more salient,
 it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
 Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages may be too optimistic.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In summary, we do not think that extension approaches relying on IVR or
 SMS should be dismissed solely on the basis of this study.
 Rather, we encourage continued empirical study of the role that ICTs can
 play in increasing the effectiveness and decreasing the costs of information
 delivery to small-scale farmers, the effects that alternative design features
 have on behavioral dimensions of technical change, and the relevance of
 ICT-enabled approaches to agricultural extension systems and rural advisory
 services.
 Most importantly, we encourage replication of similar studies—alongside
 variations in the choice of ICTs and the experimental designs in which
 they are introduced to farmers—across multiple agroecological, social,
 and economic contexts.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
theendnotes
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "../../pre-analysis plan/maizeUG_PAP"
options "../../../PASIC/determinants/paper/presentation_research_day/IFPRI_Style"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
setcounter{table}{0} 
\backslash
renewcommand{
\backslash
thetable}{A.
\backslash
arabic{table}} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Appendix
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Attrition
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Following implementation of the field experiment, 342 households (or 8.63
 percent of the sample) could not be tracked or could not be persuaded to
 complete the endline survey.
 Given the relatively short time between baseline and endline, this is quite
 a large loss.
 Attrition was 7.03 percent in the control group; 8.74 percent in the group
 that was shown the video; 8.90 percent in the group that was shown the video
 and received the IVR encouragement; and 7.45 percent in the group that also
 received an SMS in addition to the IVR encouragement and the video.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Differential attrition and correlation with baseline characteristics
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	video	&	+IVR	&	+SMS	&	joint	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	F-test	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

treatments	&	0.972	&	0.691	&	-1.541	&	1.956	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.331)	&	(0.490)	&	(0.124)	&	(0.118)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) 	&	0.626	&	0.087	&	-1.274	&	0.750	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.531)	&	(0.931)	&	(0.203)	&	(0.522)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Age of HH head (years)	&	0.904	&	0.531	&	0.240	&	0.255	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.366)	&	(0.595)	&	(0.810)	&	(0.858)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH head finshed primary school  	&	1.222	&	1.293	&	0.327	&	0.858	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.222)	&	(0.196)	&	(0.744)	&	(0.462)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH size	&	0.467	&	0.539	&	1.811	&	1.066	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.640)	&	(0.590)	&	(0.070)	&	(0.362)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms 	&	0.321	&	-0.860	&	0.907	&	1.347	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.748)	&	(0.390)	&	(0.365)	&	(0.257)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year 	&	-1.765	&	-2.286	&	-0.987	&	2.098	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.078)	&	(0.022)	&	(0.324)	&	(0.098)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season 	&	-0.698	&	-0.552	&	1.354	&	1.395	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.486)	&	(0.581)	&	(0.176)	&	(0.242)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season 	&	0.150	&	0.349	&	0.926	&	0.301	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.881)	&	(0.727)	&	(0.354)	&	(0.824)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) 	&	-0.448	&	-1.788	&	-0.829	&	1.021	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.654)	&	(0.074)	&	(0.407)	&	(0.382)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone 	&	0.096	&	0.894	&	1.385	&	0.684	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.924)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.166)	&	(0.562)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone 	&	-0.474	&	0.645	&	0.894	&	0.456	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.636)	&	(0.519)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.713)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 joint (F-test)	&	0.782	&	1.212	&	1.137	&	0.926	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.273)	&	(0.327)	&	(0.589)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: All entries are t-tests, except for the last column and the last row,
 where F-tests are reported for the joint tests.
 Corresponding p-values in brackets below.
 Tests are derived from a linear probability models with a binary indicator
 of attrition as the dependent variable.
 The first row tests differential attrition rates for each treatment seperately:
 the video intervention (column 1), the incremental IVR encouragement (column
 2) and the additional SMS treatment (column 3).
 The last column perfoms a joint test of differential attrition on the 3
 treatments.
 Subsequent rows test differential attrition rates for interactions between
 each baseline variable indicated to the left and each treatment indicator
 seperately (columns 1, 2 and 3) and jointly (column 4).
 Last row tests differential attrition rates for intractions between all
 baseline variables jointly and each treatment indicator seperately (columns
 1, 2 and 3) and all treatments jointly (column 4).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset

 presents a summary of a series of tests used to investigate differential
 attrition.
 They are obtained from a series of regressions where an indicator of attrition
 is regressed upon treatment indicators and interactions with baseline character
istics.
 The first row examines differential attrition among treatment groups.
 The first column compares attrition between the control group and households
 that received the video intervention.
 A t-test shows no significant difference in attrition between these two
 groups.
 The second column compares households that (also) received the encouragement
 treatment to those that did not (the control group and the video-only group).
 Again, no significant differences are observed.
 We then compare attrition among the group that was allocated to the SMS
 treatment to those that were not, and again find no significant difference.
 In the final column, we implement a joint test of differential attrition
 across the treatment groups.
 We do so by running a regression of the attrition indicator on dummy variables
 for the three treatments and test if all estimated coefficients are jointly
 zero.
 An F-test shows we cannot reject the hypothesis of no differential attrition.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We further investigate if attrition rates are correlated to baseline characteris
tics and whether this correlation differs by treatment group.
 Here, the base specification regresses an indicator of attrition on a treatment
 indicator, the baseline characteristic under consideration, and the interaction
 between the treatment indicator and the baseline characteristic.
 We then test if the interaction between treatment and baseline characteristic
 is significantly different from zero using a t-test.
 For instance, in the first column of the second row, we do not find that
 attrition rates are related to baseline yields among households that received
 the video intervention.
 In the second column of the second row, we also confirm that attrition
 rates are unrelated to baseline yields among households that received the
 IVR encouragement.
 The third column implements a similar test for the SMS subgroup.
 Finally, in the last column, we test if coefficients on yield interacted
 with all treatment dummies is jointly different from zero using an F-test.
 Also here, balance cannot be rejected.
 These series of tests are repeated for each of the baseline characteristics
 that were included in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Balance"

\end_inset

.
 In the bottom rows of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset

, results for joint tests for all the baseline characteristics and the interacti
on with the video dummy (column 1), with the IVR dummy (column 2), with
 the SMS dummy (column 3), and with all three treatment dummies jointly
 (column 4) are reported.
 Overall, we find that attrition is unrelated to the treatment and also
 unrelated to baseline characteristics, except perhaps for having received
 extension at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Finally, we also estimate Manski bounds to assess the potential impact of
 attrition 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "manski1989anatomy"

\end_inset

.
 Results, presented in Appendix Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Attrition-bounds-for-2"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Attrition-prod-1"

\end_inset

, provide upper and lower bounds for all results presented in Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 through 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset

 in the main text.
 Generally, the bounds are narrow and confirm our findings that videos increase
 knowledge and practices related to optimal spacing, the use of both organic
 and inorganic fertilizer, and yields.
 For the latter, the bounds are wide.
 However, Manski bounds are known to become less informative when the range
 of possible outcomes increases 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "gerber2012field"

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for knowledge outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-bounds-for-2"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&		[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1)		&	0.112	&	0.194	&	-0.026	&	-0.014	&	0.017	&	-0.007	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.029)	&	(0.032)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.020)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	-0.041	&	0.042	&	-0.027	&	-0.014	&	0.031	&	0.00
6	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.024)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.010)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.010)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) 		&	-0.095	&	-0.012	&	-0.002	&	0.011	&	0.021	
&	-0.003	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.023)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.009)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.010)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) 		&	-0.043	&	0.040	&	-0.020	&	-0.007	&	0.025	&	0.
001	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.031)	&	(0.033)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knowledge index		&	-0.031	&	0.134	&	-0.049	&	-0.013	&	0.085	&	0.037	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.049)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.028)	&	(0.025)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.026)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for recommended practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-bounds-for-1-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	-0.046	&	0.058	&	0.007	&	0.025	&
	0.002	&	-0.017	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.032)	&	(0.034)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) &	0.056	&	0.147	&	-0.0
05	&	0.017	&	0.013	&	-0.015	
\backslash

\backslash
 	(0.018)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.010)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.011)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	-0.012	&	0.079	&	-0.021	&	0.002	&	0.042	&	0.013	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.033)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	-0.022	&	0.069	&	0.000	&	0.022	&	0.010	&	-0.
018	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.034)	&	(0.035)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index		&	0.000	&	0.182	&	-0.012	&	0.035	&	0.059	&	-0.002	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.038)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.022)	&	(0.024)	&	(0.023)	&	(0.025)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for inputs
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition_inputs-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{6}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	-0.062	&	0.030	&	0.013	&	0.035	&	-0.00
1	&	-0.030	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.028)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.019)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 			&	0.040	&	0.132	&	0.010	&	0.033	&	-0.019	&
	-0.048	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.019)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.011)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.012)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 			&	0.052	&	0.144	&	-0.038	&
	-0.015	&	0.034	&	0.006	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.027)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.019)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index		&	0.026	&	0.223	&	-0.014	&	0.036	&	0.026	&	-0.040	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.041)	&	(0.050)	&	(0.024)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.025)	&	(0.030)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{6}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.074	&	-0.017	&	0.056	&	0.
033	&	-0.066	&	-0.038	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.038	&	-0.053	&	0.
027	&	0.004	&	0.002	&	0.031	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.033)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index		&	0.088	&	-0.116	&	0.086	&	0.042	&	-0.034	&	0.030	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.051)	&	(0.047)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.027)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.028)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for production outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-prod-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg))		&	-0.203	&	0.128	&	0.013	&	0.075	&	0.094	&	-0.014	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.071)	&	(0.066)	&	(0.040)	&	(0.037)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.039)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Maize area (log(acre))	&	-0.240	&	0.019	&	-0.032	&	0.013	&	0.064	&	-0.015	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.054)	&	(0.051)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.032)	&	(0.030)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Maize yield (log(kg/acre))		&	-0.046	&	0.227	&	0.008	&	0.060	&	0.050	&	-0.038	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.058)	&	(0.055)	&	(0.033)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.035)	&	(0.033)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Yield better than normal (yes=1)		&	-0.011	&	0.080	&	-0.005	&	0.017	&	0.040	&	0.011	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&	(0.034)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Labour (log(days))		&	-0.137	&	0.092	&	-0.026	&	0.014	&	0.074	&	0.002	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.050)	&	(0.047)	&	(0.028)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.028)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) 	&	-0.139	&	0.181	&	0.034	&	0.091	&	0.043	&	-0.058
	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.066)	&	(0.065)	&	(0.037)	&	(0.036)	&	(0.039)	&	(0.038)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	0.005	&	0.023	&	0.046	&	0.054	&	0.007	&	0.003	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.024)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Appendix Tables
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
placement H
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on knowledge outcomes after
 controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_knowledge"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) &	-0.028	&	0.096	&	0.013	&	0.444	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	-0.017	&	0.087	&	0.009	&	0.412	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) &	0.009	&	0.338	&	-0.001	&	0.902	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.010)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1)	&	-0.018	&	0.526	&	0.021	&	0.287	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.025	&	0.211	&	0.058	&	0.462	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on agronomic practices after
 controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_practices"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1)	&	0.015	&	0.477	&	-0.006	&	0.787	&	
3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1)  &	-0.004	&	0.746	&	0.
012	&	0.288	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	-0.006	&	0.802	&	0.022	&	0.195	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	0.007	&	0.729	&	-0.001	&	0.975	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index &	0.011	&	0.657	&	0.038	&	0.382	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on on fertilizer and improved
 seed use after controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_inputs"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.018	&	0.261	&	-0.006	&	0.702	&	3,498
	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	0.014	&	0.256	&	-0.024	&	0.060	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	-0.037$^{**}$	&	0.021	&	0.0
31	&	0.062	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index	&	-0.005	&	0.837	&	0.014	&	0.931	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 														
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.041$^{**}$	&	0.031	&	-0.0
48	&	0.010	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1)  	&	0.010	&	0.558	&	0.0
26	&	0.396	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.060$^{**}$	&	0.029	&	0.013	&	0.466	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on production after controlling
 for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_production"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg))	&	0.040	&	0.336	&	0.042	&	0.309	&	3,282	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.035)	&		&	(0.036)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	-0.020	&	0.457	&	0.028	&	0.293	&	3,271	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.026)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre))	&	0.038	&	0.249	&	0.004	&	0.883	&	3,244	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	0.029	&		&	0.030	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1)	&	0.006	&	0.787	&	0.030	&	0.205	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(days))&	-0.013	&	0.640	&	0.041	&	0.085	&	3,312	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	0.025	&		&	0.026	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) &	0.067	&	0.084	&	-0.008	&	0.757	&	3,280	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	0.008	&	0.464	&	0.025	&	0.520	&	3,241	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.016)	&		&	(0.016)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Determinants of IVR uptake
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Determinants-of-IVR"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   &
\backslash
textit{Dependent variable:} 
\backslash

\backslash
  & called   
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Allocated to SMS treatment & 0.057$^{***}$ 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.013)  
\backslash

\backslash
      
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone & 0.058$^{**}$  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.028)  
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone & 0.042$^{*}$  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.025)  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) & 0.00000 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.00002) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of HH head (years) & $-$0.001 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.0005) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH head finshed primary school  & 0.006 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.006)  
\backslash

\backslash
    
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH size & 0.002  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.002) 
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms & $-$0.003 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.006)  
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year & 0.001  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.020) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season & $-$0.075 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.131) 
\backslash

\backslash
      
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season & $-$0.089 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.131) 
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) & 0.001  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.001) 
\backslash

\backslash
    
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Constant & 0.058  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.136) 
\backslash

\backslash
    & 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  Observations & 2,180 
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

R$^{2}$ & 0.040 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Adjusted R$^{2}$ & 0.033  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Residual Std.
 Error & 0.292 (df = 2163)  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

F Statistic & 5.613$^{***}$ (df = 16; 2163) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\backslash
textit{Note:}  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{r}{$^{*}$p$<$0.1; $^{**}$p$<$0.05; $^{***}$p$<$0.01} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
end{tabular}  
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on household level knowledge
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value		&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.160	&	-0.360	&	0.306	&		3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.367)	&	(0.351)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1) 	&	0.908	&	-0.331	&	0.115	&		3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.290)	&	(0.210)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) 	&	0.954	&	0.178	&	0.350	&	3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.210)	&	(0.191)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) 	&	0.336	&	-0.286	&	0.431	&	3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.363)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knowledge index	&	-0.077	&	-0.396	&	0.376	&3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.562)	&	(0.473)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on agronomic practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:pract_late"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	0.370	&	0.163	&	0.677	&		3,500	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.484)	&	(0.391)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) 	&	0.026	&	-0.089	&	0.
670	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.158)	&	(0.210)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	0.685	&	-0.170	&	0.617	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.465)	&	(0.339)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	0.426	&	0.228	&	0.552		&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.495)	&	(0.383)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index 	&	-0.086	&	0.102	&	0.804	&		3,500	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.478)	&	(0.411)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on fertilizer and improved seed
 use
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Impact-of-technology_LATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&				N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.264	&	0.393	&	0.228		&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.442)	&	(0.325)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.051	&	0.225	&	0.320	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.221)	&	(0.226)	&				&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.157	&	-0.704$^{**}$	&	0.
037	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.365)	&	(0.337)	&				&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index 	&	-0.057	&	-0.078	&	0.846	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.547)	&	(0.443)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 														
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.289	&	0.732$^{**}$	&	0.04
6	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.454)	&	(0.367)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.302	&	0.164	&	0.63
5	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.460)	&	(0.345)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.032	&	0.242	&	0.605	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.700)	&	(0.447)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on production
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&			N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg)) 	&	5.814	&	0.912	&	0.173	&		3,344	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.765)	&	(0.670)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	0.018	&	-0.240	&	0.614	&		3,341	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.580)	&	(0.476)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre)) 	&	5.850	&	0.690	&	0.224	&		3,302	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.568)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1) 	&	0.387	&	0.008	&	0.983	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.488)	&	(0.374)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(days)) 	&	4.132	&	-0.056	&	0.895	&	3,370	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.577)	&	(0.421)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) 	&	1.650	&	1.185	&	0.076	&		3,341	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.720)	&	(0.667)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	-0.053	&	0.159	&	0.625	&		3,302	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.365)	&	(0.297)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on knowledge outcomes for less-educated farmers
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_know"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.097	&	0.172$^{***}$	&	0.000	&	-0.021	&	0.269	&	0.01
2	&	0.562	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.297)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	0.882	&	0.063$^{**}$	&	0.014	&	-0.015	&	0.230	
&	0.008	&	0.651	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.324)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1)	&	0.944	&	-0.008	&	0.706	&	0.010	&	0.360	&	0.0
00	&	0.995	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.230)	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) &	0.271	&	0.027	&	0.482	&	-0.017	&	0.703	&	0.041	
&	0.237	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.446)	&	(0.039)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.137	&	0.153$^{***}$	&	0.001	&	-0.022	&	0.498	&	0.068	&	0.681	&	2,
317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.546)	&	(0.053)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on fertilizer and improved seed use for farmers
 close to agro-input shop
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_tech"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.285	&	-0.048	&	0.148	&	0.008	&	0.717	
&	-0.004	&	0.844	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.453)	&	(0.036)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	0.038	&	0.070$^{**}$	&	0.007	&	0.005	&	0.71
5	&	-0.026	&	0.104	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.192)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1)		&	0.165	&	0.073$^{*}$	&	0.03
6	&	-0.025	&	0.242	&	0.011	&	0.564	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.372)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index &	-0.058	&	0.082	&	0.110	&	-0.011	&	0.728	&	-0.001	&	0.509	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.534)	&	(0.048)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
															
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{improved seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	hybrid	&	0.297	&	-0.011	&	0.7
68	&	0.054$^{**}$	&	0.013	&	-0.034	&	0.146	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.459)	&	(0.038)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1)  &	0.291	&	-0.022	&	0.5
38	&	0.020	&	0.332	&	0.000	&	0.986	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.456)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.030	&	-0.072	&	0.481	&	0.082$^{***}$	&	0.010	&	0.004	&	0.292	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.678)	&	(0.056)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
