#LyX 2.2 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 508
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize 12
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to reviewers of AJAE MS 19030, “Information and communication technolog
ies (ICTs) to provide agricultural advice to smallholder farmers: Experimental
 evidence from Uganda.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This document provides a detailed account of all the changes that were made
 as a result of the comments and suggestions made by the four reviewers
 of AJAE MS 19030.
 The comments and suggestions were all really helpful and we would like
 to thank the reviewers for the time and effort invested in this.
 We feel the paper has significantly improved as a result of this.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have reproduced the comments of all four reviewers below and respond
 to each comment inline 
\emph on
in italic
\emph default
.
 If the comment or suggestion led us to change certain parts in the manuscript,
 we provide verbatim copies of the text that was inserted in the manuscript.
 Note that often, the same concerns are raised by several reviewers.
 We wanted to make sure each review could stand on its own, so instead of
 referring the reviewer to the answer to the concern of the other reviewer,
 we copied the response.
 We have also edited this manuscript for language, syntax, and structure
 to improve its overall readability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Reviewer 1 - Referee report: AJAE MS 19030, “Information and communication
 technologies (ICTs) to provide agricultural advice to smallholder farmers:
 Experimental evidence from Uganda.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper presents the results of an RCT designed to measure the impact
 of agricultural extension information for smallholder maize farmers in
 eastern Uganda provided in three ways using ICT: (i) informational videos
 shown to farmers (in-person on a tablet, twice), (ii) an invitation to
 an IVR-based information hotline that farmers could call on demand, and
 (iii) reminder SMS messages about agricultural practices and the hotline.
 The intervention was incremental---other than a pure control group, treated
 farmers received (i), (i) and (ii), or (i), (ii), and (iii) (i.e.
 no farmers received an invitation to the IVR-based hotline without also
 seeing the videos).
 The authors find that farmers retain the new information provided to them
 in the videos and that they change their behavior accordingly, leading
 to an increase in yields of 10 percent.
 They find no increased impact of inviting farmers to the IVR-based hotline
 nor of the reminder SMS messages.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Perhaps the greatest strength of this study is the care which the authors
 put into what information was provided to farmers and when.
 This is evident in the description of the process by which the authors
 determined what information to provide farmers and how to package it.
 It is no surprise to me given this care that the information was valuable
 and that farmers absorbed it and some acted on it.
 As such, I believe this paper presents a clear contribution in how agricultural
 extension information provision, if done carefully, can have an impact.
 This is especially important given how split the literature is on the possible
 impacts of information provision for farmers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
At the same time, perhaps the two greatest weaknesses of this study are
 both features of the design that are fixed---the incremental design rather
 than a true test of supply-driven versus demand-driven information and
 the short-term nature of the outcomes.
 In the former case, the authors (I believe rightfully) highlight the tension
 between supply-driven information provision (experts deciding what information
 farmers would benefit from and giving it to them) and demand-driven (making
 information available but letting farmers seek out what information they
 want when they want it).
 But then the incremental design of the study prohibits the authors from
 actually testing supply- vs demand-driven information provision in a meaningful
 way.
 The challenge with the short-term nature of the outcomes is that the authors
 find increased yield per acre of land for treated farmers relative to control
 but no increase in total maize output and, at the same time, changes in
 inputs.
 We are left not knowing if households are actually better off in the short
 term, or even better off in the sense that they may have made changes that
 come at a cost in the short-term but are worthwhile in the medium-/long-term.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
While these two weaknesses are fixed, I believe the authors can better address
 them: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 While the paper is very clear that only incremental impacts are being measured
 of the second and third intervention, I still find the supply- versus demand-dr
iven framing to be misleading.
 This is especially the case given the very low take-up of the IVR-based
 hotline.
 I would remove it from front-and-center (i.e.
 the intro and research aim sections) and instead discuss this tension and
 exactly what this study is able to tell us about supply versus demand in
 a short section at the end of the results, or in the conclusion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree that the incremental set-up of the experiment prevents us from
 directly comparing the effectiveness of supply- vs demand-driven information
 provision in a meaningful way.
 Putting this front-and-center may indeed create the expectation that we
 are going to implement a horse race-type experiment instead of the incremental
 design we use.We also note that other reviewers take issue with the supply-
 versus demand-framing, and especially the fact that we use this to motivate
 our paper.
 By de-emphasizing the supply- vs.
 demand-driven extension narrative (as suggested by the reviewer), we believe
 that we can still demonstrate that this is a useful experiment, and that
 the incremental design makes more sense than other combinations (eg.
 starting with the lowest-cost intervention, which would be SMS messages;
 see also comment 2 by reviewer 4 (R4.2.)).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
To clarify our motivation, we need to explain why we wanted to test a comprehens
ive ICT-mediated extension package consisting of different components each
 with its own characteristics.
 The different components of the intervention, and the incremental way in
 which they were implemented in the experiment, are the result of careful
 analysis of the situation in Uganda (low levels of knowledge on modern
 input due to a near-defunct public extension system, various start-ups
 experimenting with demand-driven initiatives such as WeFarm, DrumNet, Viamo,...
 ), as well as state of the art in the literature (the aspirations literature
 and importance of role models, reminders as nudges, etc.).
 With these points in mind, we decided we needed to start from a general
 baseline intervention designed to make farmers aware of the most important
 new technologies and recommended practices.
 We hypothesized that the success of such messaging would depend partly
 on their provision in an appealing and accessible manner that was specifically
 tailored to less-educated farmers.
 Hence the idea to create a video.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
However, we also know from our contextual analysis that farmers who view
 a video at the beginning of the maize growing season tend to forget some
 of the details that are explained in the video (for instance the name of
 a particular maize hybrid, the exact quantity of a particular type of inorganic
 fertilizer, etc.).
 Therefore, we wanted to add an information source for farmers that is accessibl
e on demand.
 The idea that IVR is used to provide more precise information on a particular
 technology means that farmers already need to have an idea of the existence
 of the particular technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Finally, we learned from our contextual analysis and literature review that
 knowledge only is rarely enough to change behavior.
 Timely reminders have been shown to be very effective in overcoming inertia,
 procrastination, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset


\emph default
.

\emph on
 Recent research on agricultural extension also suggests behavioral change
 occurs through the compounding or re-emphasis of common knowledge that,
 through repetition, becomes more salient to the individual 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 Hence, we introduced the SMS treatment as a complement to the tailored
 informational treatment (video) and the detailed on-demand informational
 treatment (IVR).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the manuscript: We have removed the discussion on supply-
 versus demand-driven technologies from the introduction and motivation
 section.
 We now mention the demand- driven nature of the IVR treatment only in the
 context of the low take-up we observe, which in turn may explain the null
 results for the incremental IVR effect.
 We have rewritten the introduction to better reflect how the different
 component of the intervention are related to each other, and we now better
 explain the rationale for making it an incremental design.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

This article investigates the effectiveness of an ICT-mediated extension
 approach designed to provide information about improved maize cultivation
 practices to smallholder farmers in Uganda.
 The approach consists of three complementary information technologies,
 tested in an incremental design.
 First, we look at the effectiveness of short video messages that provide
 detailed information on how to improve maize cultivation and were shown
 to farmers on tablet computers.
 The strength of video is that it can combine audio and visual information
 in an attractive way that is accessible to the potentially illiterate farmer.
 However, video screenings can be a passive exercise for viewers, which
 may increase the likelihood that farmers will forget some of the details,
 particularly if the lag between screening and implementation is long.
 Second, to address this concern, we add an IVR service that provides a
 follow-up with the same information.
 With an IVR system, a farmer calls a phone number, navigates through a
 menu to select a topic, and then listens to a pre-recorded message with
 information on the selected topic.
 Third, we add SMS messages that remind farmers at specific points during
 the maize growing season about key recommendations on farming practices
 shown in the video and available on demand through the IVR system.
 Addition of the SMS reminders is motivated by the growing recognition that
 information alone is often insufficient to change behavior, but timely
 reminders have been found very effective in overcoming inertia, procrastination
, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset

, and repetition can make information more salient 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 The outcomes used to assess the effectiveness of this approach and its
 components include increases in knowledge about improved maize cultivation,
 changes in the use of improved inputs and recommended agronomic practices,
 and production-related changes.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Furthermore, we revisit the different characteristics of the components
 in the conclusion to explain heterogeneity in some of the findings.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It is less clear what we can learn from the null results for the additional
 treatments.
 In other studies, IVR or similar hotlines have been shown to have impact
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, and SMS messaging has similarly been shown to be successful in a variety
 of contexts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the lack of evidence of impact may be specific to the nature
 of the incremental design and results may be quite different in, for instance,
 a parallel design.
 But even in the narrow context of our experiment, where an effort was made
 to study particular characteristics of the interventions such as the demand-dri
ven nature of IVR or the ability of SMS to make information more salient,
 it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
 Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages.
 may be too optimistic.
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 On the short-term nature of the outcomes measured, I think that the paper
 would benefit from a direct discussion of the potential costs and benefits
 of the changes that farmers make in response to treatment.
 Does the recommended planting spacing take the same time or more or less
 in terms of farm labor? And how labor-costly is increased weeding and pest
 control? And the authors should be able to back-of-the-envelope prices
 of different fertilizer and seed inputs and give us a sense of whether
 farmers are investing more as a result of the changes that they are making.
 And if we assume they in the next planting season use all of their land
 with a 10% higher yield, would they be better off? Put another way, if
 farmers are actually spending the same amount on inputs (including labor)
 but are changing to a more productive mix, they would necessarily be better
 off and that should be a highlight of the paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This comment is also related to the first comment made by reviewers 3 and
 4 (R3.12, R4.1), who, in addition to a cost-benefit analysis at the level
 of the farmer, also want an estimate of the cost-effectiveness of project.
 We added a separate section in which we first check if the video intervention
 affected the profitability for the average farmer, and then compare the
 total cost of the intervention to the total benefit derived by the farmers
 in our study.
 We only estimate cost-effectiveness for the video intervention, as we find
 few additional effects of the additional interventions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: The following was added in a section entitled
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Cost-effectiveness
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Cost-Effectiveness
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Cost-effectiveness and scalability are often major selling points for ICT-mediat
ed interventions such as ours.
 While we did not collect detailed information on prices paid for inputs
 or the cost of labor, we can use the estimates above together with aggregate
 price data and some reasonable assumptions to formulate cost and benefit
 calculations.
 We first check if the video intervention affected profitability of the
 average farmer and then compare the total cost of the intervention to the
 total benefit derived by the farmers in our study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In our sample, a bag of 100-kg of maize was sold at a median price of UGX
 60,000.
 With control household reporting yields of 430 kg per acre, the corresponding
 value per acre is UGX 258,000.
 In the sub-sample that received the video treatment, yields increased to
 475 kg per acre, corresponding to UGX 285,000.
 This means a difference in income of UGX 27,000 per acre, or about USD
 7.7.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
From this, we subtract the cost of inputs.
 In the intervention, we recommended two hybrid seed types, Longe 10H and
 UH5354 (commonly known as Bazooka).
 At the time of the experiment, Longe 10H sold for UGX 6,000 per kg, while
 Bazooka sold for UGX 8,500 per kg.
 However, our data show that the use of Bazooka was marginal and not correlated
 to the treatment.
 Thus, we only use the price of Longe 10H in the cost calculations.
 We further recommended two open-pollinated varieties, Longe 5 and Longe
 4, of which Longe 5 is the more common variety.
 Both types cost about UGX 3,000 per kg.
 A farmer needs about 8 kg of seed to plant one acre.
 Inorganic fertilizers are probably the largest expense.
 The retail price of urea was about UGX 2,500 per kg, while DAP cost UGX
 3,000 per kg.
 We recommended using 60 kg each of both DAP and urea per acre.
 We assume that organic fertilizer is free, but may increase labor costs
 (see below).
 The spacing and seed rate we recommended in the intervention is unlikely
 to increase the costs of seed.
 We recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per hill.
 Most farmers use 75cm x 60cm spacing with two seeds per hill, which requires
 the same amount of seed per unit of land.
 We thus simply multiply the cost of these inputs by the likelihood that
 they were applied in both control and treatment group (Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

) and subtract this from the income obtained from maize.
 Doing so actually increases the difference in income between treatment
 and control somewhat, as the likelihood that farmers use the more expensive
 fertilizer DAP reduces somewhat, while the likelihood that farmers use
 urea increases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Changes in the cost of labor are harder to value.
 Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 shows an increase in the practice of removing striga early on, which is
 likely to increase labor.
 The new spacing recommendation also means more hills are needed, which
 may also have an impact on labor, as does the increased use of organic
 fertilizer.
 At the same time, in our endline data, we do not find that the video treatment
 is significantly correlated to the time spent on preparing the land (which
 includes application of inorganic fertilizer), to time spent on weeding,
 or to the likelihood that labor is hired in.
 In addition, labor is relatively low in cost at UGX 6,000 per day.
 Valuing work related to organic fertilizer adoption at 3 days, the adoption
 of the new planting method at 2 days, and the work for weeding at 10 days
 (which is the time needed to weed one acre), the difference in profit between
 treatment and control reduces to UGX 22,464 or about USD 6.4.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
The entire intervention cost close to USD 37,000.
 Almost 40 percent of this was fixed costs such as the production of the
 video (USD 6,300) and the cost of procuring 20 tablets (together totaling
 USD 5,600).
 We also trained the enumerators at a total cost of USD 2,224.
 Variable costs are estimated to be about USD 5.54 for the two video screenings
 for an average farmer in the area.
 This includes time for the enumerator to show the video, time for enumerator
 supervision, car hire with driver, and fuel needed to reach the households.
 We thus find that the variable cost is lower than the expected return per
 farmer (which is USD 6.9 as the average farmer has a plot of 1.08 acres).
 Including the fixed cost implies that the video intervention would only
 break even at about 10,000 households.
 If the intervention were rolled out to all 360,000 households in the five
 districts where it was piloted, the internal rate of return would be about
 23 percent.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.912*360000/(14124 + 2*2.77*360000) 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
It may be possible to reduce variable costs considerably.
 The largest component of the variable cost was the cost of the person showing
 the videos to individual households.
 Currently, an extension worker with a bachelor's degree costs about the
 same as what we paid our enumerators (UGX 100,000 per day).
 One may argue that one does not need to have a university degree to show
 a video, in which case extension workers with only a diploma could be used
 at roughly UGX 77,000 per day.
 This would bring the variable cost down to about USD 2.36 for a single screening
 to the average farmer.
 Other cost savings may be obtained by showing videos to groups of farmers
 instead of individually, or direct streaming of videos to devices of farmers.
 However, this touches upon potentially important design features of the
 intervention than may alter outcomes, and as such requires additional testing.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I have several other major comments: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 I think it is too late to first mention the poor take-up of the IVR-based
 hotline on page 12.
 I think that it should be highlighted from the intro and on as a potential
 reason for the lack of impacts.
 Relatedly, I think that the empirical results on the IVR-system take-up
 and SMS message receipt should be presented, including both the LATE results
 themselves and regressions of take-up on farmer characteristics to help
 interpret selection into take-up.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Reviewer 2 (R2.2) also suggests a more in-depth discussion of the LATE results.
 This reviewer's main concern is related to potential contamination of the
 control group to explain the lack of impact found for the IVR.
 Also reviewer 3 suggests that the lack of impact of IVR as assessed by
 the ITT may be due to the low take-up (R3.9).
 The original submission of this manuscript was accompanied by a pdf document
 entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 of materials we would have liked to make available in online appendices.
 It included the 2SLS (LATE) regressions.
 Apparently, this was not made available to the reviewers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We now discuss the low take-up of the IVR intervention earlier in the paper.
 In a sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Demand for IVR and local average treatment effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional Analysis and Robustness Tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, we explain that farmers self-select into the IVR treatment.
 We then present regressions that show how uptake is correlated to baseline
 characteristics.
 We discuss LATE effects briefly, and refer to tables in the appendix for
 completeness.
 We note that results do not change all that much.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We then reflect on potential reasons for the lack of impact.
 We examine take-up and using simple back-of-the-envelope calculations show
 the minimum detectable effect size and how it is affected by low compliance.
 We then argue that contamination is unlikely to lead to a downward bias,
 as only 1 percent of households in the control group called the IVR.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We then discuss a concern with our measure of compliance.
 In particular, we suspect that our indicator of take-up of the intervention
 is likely to significantly underestimate true compliance.
 That is, our indicator of compliance is taken from the IVR system log,
 where recorded telephone numbers are matched to phone numbers that were
 recorded during baseline data collection.
 This indicator is likely to severely under-report true compliance, as encourage
d farmers may have used different phones to call the IVR.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
The fact that 430 unique calls to the system were recorded, representing
 about 18 percent of encouraged households, confirms this suspicion.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Using our measure of compliance, we cannot maintain that the exclusion
 restriction holds, as some of the potential outcomes are directly determined
 by the instrument.
 The problem becomes apparent when we think about LATE as the Wald estimator
 that scales the ITT by compliance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "angrist_mostly_2008"

\end_inset

.
 In our case, the ITT will be estimated on the basis of all farmers encouraged
 to call in to the IVR system.
 Our measure of compliance forces the LATE estimation to work with the 214
 households that show up in the IVR log and could be identified in the baseline,
 rather than through the 430 farmers that called in, which in the case of
 a positive impact would lead to an overestimate of the impact of the treatment
 among compliers.
 It is well known that especially in the context of a weak first stage,
 the bias can become extremely large 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2007using"

\end_inset

.
 We thus conclude that LATE results are difficult to interpret and suggest
 to instead focus on the ITT effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Redoing the LATE analysis made us realize that actually all farmers that
 were allocated to the SMS treatment did receive the SMS messages.
 As a result, we dropped the LATE analysis for this component of the interventio
n, but briefly discuss the fact that farmers need a phone to be able to
 receive the messages.
 This is highlighted in the section titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Heterogeneous treatment effects.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We refer to these issues primarily in the sub-section
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Demand for IVR and Local Average Treatment Effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which is in the section titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 It would be very helpful to better understand the population of study in
 this paper relative to those studied in similar interventions (i.e.
 representativeness to other populations in Africa, and even South Asia
 and/or Latin America) and the result of this paper relative to other results
 in terms of magnitudes.
 The paper says “the use of modern inputs...is very low in Uganda” and “Maize
 is especially important in eastern Uganda,” for example.
 Both of these comments could be backed with data.
 Similarly, while I believe the sampling was done correctly, the UNHS could
 be used to empirically show how representative the finally selected HHs
 are relative to Uganda as a whole, etc.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The representativeness of the sampled households, and the external validity
 of the overall study, bears closer consideration, as suggested by the reviewer.
 The population from which we sample in this study are, broadly, the Baganda,
 a Bantu ethnic group native to Buganda, a subnational kingdom within Uganda.
 Maize is important in Bagandan culture, and most households in the area
 cultivate and consume maize.
 Their maize-based farming system and maize consumption patterns are generally
 an accurate reflection of populations in the larger region of eastern and
 southern Africa.
 Throughout this region, maize is similarly consumed as a staple in the
 form of a porridge that goes by different names (posho in Uganda; ugali
 in Kenya and Tanzania; nsima in Malawi, ssima in Zambia; sadza in Zimbabwe;
 etc..).
 Many prior and ongoing studies in the region have similarly focused on
 maize-based farming systems and on households where maize is the main staple
 food.
 Many of the projects reported in 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "New1"

\end_inset

 are being implemented among similar farmers.
 While there is, in fact, considerable variation in farming systems, staple
 foods, and consumption patterns throughout Uganda, we abstract from this
 variation to focus on the central relevance of maize to both production
 and consumption in the wider eastern and southern Africa region.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We add language to further describe the relevance
 our study population to wider populations in the region in Section 1 (Context)
 and Section 2 (Experimental Design and Estimation of Treatment Effects).
 We include the following paragraphs that compares modern input use to neighbori
ng countries in the context section:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In section 1:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The use of modern inputs such as inorganic fertilizer is extremely low in
 Uganda, even when compared to other countries in the region 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712"

\end_inset

.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

 report that only 9 percent of maize cultivating households use inorganic
 fertilizer.
 In Tanzania, this rate is almost 20 percent, while in Malawi, the government's
 input subsidy program drove it to 80 percent.
 Yet for other inputs, such as improved maize seed, there is some ambiguity
 as to whether use rates—between 27 and 37 percent of households report
 using improved maize seed—are lower than comparison countries such as Tanzania
 and Malawi, where use rates are reportedly between 30 and 50 percent 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712,10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

.
 Maize management practices—the water, soil, and natural resource management
 practices that often accompany the use of these inputs—also vary considerably,
 driven both by changes in policy and market signals as well as changes
 in demographic trends, land use choices, soil health, livestock keeping,
 and other factors 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Ebanyat2010,NKONYA2005155"

\end_inset

.
 At best, available data suggest that there is considerable within-country
 variation in input use and management practices, as well as variation in
 the extent to which key inputs and management practices are being used
 in productive combinations.
 Such variation is similarly observed in many of the maize-cultivation systems
 found in the region 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "SHEAHAN201712"

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In section 2:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 [...] The resulting sample is representative of maize-cultivating households
 in these five districts of eastern Uganda.
 The sample is also potentially relevant to similar populations in the eastern
 and southern Africa region where we observe rainfed maize cultivation systems,
 consumption of maize as the primary staple food, and shared constraints
 to both the production and marketing of maize.
 Of course, significant policy and institutional differences between and
 among countries in this regions, such that the sample cannot be strictly
 representative of these otherwise similar populations.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 Relatedly, given how well it sounds this intervention was implemented,
 I believe the paper would benefit from a brief discussion of the representative
ness of the implementation and implementing partner(s).
 Who were the “trained field enumerators” and how do they compare to average
 extension workers (i.e.
 could this intervention realistically be scaled with a government or a
 medium-capacity non-profit)? And how established is Viamo in Uganda? I
 believe establishing external validity in terms of both the population
 being studied and the implementation of the intervention is necessary to
 ensure this paper’s contribution to a mixed literature.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We appreciate the reviewer's input on this point.
 We think this is a realistic intervention.
 For the video intervention, we do not think a lot of training is needed.
 In fact, the use of video was partly motivated by the fact that it provides
 a homogeneous treatment (that is, independent of the person who provides
 the information) for some of the other hypotheses we wanted to test in
 the larger research project (see footnote 1 in the manuscript).
 We used trained field enumerators because they also needed to collect some
 baseline information during the first screening.
 These enumerators all had bachelor degrees, but this is probably not needed
 to just show a video.
 During the calculations of the cost of the intervention, we note that eg.
 extension workers with only a diploma could be used to reduce the cost.
 Showing videos individually is only one way of disseminating information
 using video.
 Group screenings are also often organized.
 If farmers have appropriate devices and network coverage, videos can be
 streamed to the intended beneficiaries.
 Local television channels also often have programs about farming.
 That said, these may qualify as different interventions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We mention the role of the enumerator in more
 detail in Section 3 (ICT Intervention) and in Section 6 (Cost-effectiveness).
 There is now a section on the cost-effectiveness of the intervention, where
 we briefly reflect on the 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

trained field enumerators
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and how they compare to extension staff.
 Furthermore, we added a paragraph in the context section on extension services
 in Uganda.
 We also note the existence of many private initiatives that implement IVR
 and SMS services similar to what we test.
 This suggests that our intervention would be feasible.
 The relevant sections in the text are
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In section 3:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Note that these peer farmers featured in the video represent the key source
 of information, while the enumerators charged with screening the video
 is neither an extension agent nor representing him or herself as an extension
 agent.
 However, the enumerators' level of education, training on the intervention,
 and understanding of the content make them a reasonable stand-in for extension
 agents in that they provide a consistent and complementary signal to the
 messaging in the video.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In section 2:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Yet despite the importance of these issues to the country's economic growth
 strategy, Uganda has struggled to maintain a functioning agricultural extension
 service for the last two decades.
 In 2000, the National Agricultural Advisory Services (NAADS) was established
 as an ambitious and innovative public-private partnership with support
 from various donors.
 After what seemed to be a successful start, NAADS became a victim of political
 capture and governance problems, culminating in its demise and replacement
 by Operation Wealth Creation 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benin2011returns,joughin2010politics,doi:10.1111/dpr.12318"

\end_inset

.
 Operation Wealth Creation is managed by the army, and primarily focused
 on the distribution of inputs.
 As a result, this public extension service currently provides little in
 the way of information to smallholders.
 The last available data obtained from the Uganda National Panel Survey
 (wave 2013/2014) suggest that only 20 percent of households received extension
 in the past 12 months.
 Recently, private initiatives and international social enterprises have
 started to fill the void.
 Examples include Viamo's 3-2-1 service, which provides agricultural information
 through IVR; the Market-led, User-owned ICT4Ag-enabled Information Service
 (MUIIS) project, which uses ICTs to facilitate farmer-to-farmer extension;
 and the m-Omulimisa platform, through which farmers send SMS messages with
 questions to agricultural extension officers.
 Yet it remains to be seen whether these initiatives and enterprises are
 a substitute for public extension, or just provide a complementary function.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
6.
 I worry about experimenter demand effects quite a bit with these results.
 I would not be worried about this if the endline enumerators observed plots
 (especially spacing) and/or collected detailed information about new products
 that were purchased (where from? Could such be verified?).
 It may be none of this was feasible but it warrants a discussion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The dangers of using self-reported survey data to measure key outcomes is
 a concern that was also echoed by all other reviewers (R2.5, R3.7 an R4.7).
 We thus added a separate section that discusses experimenter demand effects:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we added Sub-section 5.2 titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimenter demand effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 under the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Experimenter demand effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
A key concern with this study is the use of self-reported survey data on
 key outcomes, as opposed to outcomes that are measured by a third party
 in a more objective way.
 Study participants may report what they feel is desired in that context
 (social desirability bias).
 In an RCT, social desirability bias becomes a concern if it is correlated
 to the treatment, which is sometimes referred to as experimenter demand
 effects 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "zizzo2010experimenter"

\end_inset

.
 While recent research suggests that experimenter demand effects may be
 less problematic than initially thought 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "de2018measuring,mummolo2019demand"

\end_inset

, we offer the following thoughts on why experimenter demand effects are
 unlikely to drive our results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
First, during the design of the endline questionnaire, we tried to minimize
 potential experimenter demand effects by careful formulation of the questions.
 Experimenter demand effects are more likely to be a concern for simple
 yes/no questions than for more open-ended questions.
 For instance, in our endline survey, we did not ask if farmers used 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of one seed per hill
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as recommended.
 Rather, we asked farmers to describe the planting process, and the enumerator
 was then required to select an appropriate response from a list of options
 that was not revealed to the farmer.
 For input adoption, we started from broad questions (e.g., whether fertilizer
 was used on a particular plot) and then asked farmers to provide further
 details (e.g., about fertilizer type, timing of application, quantities,
 and price), thereby allowing enumerators to detect inconsistencies that
 might signal experimenter demand effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Second, in our endline survey, not all outcomes are equally likely to be
 affected by experimenter demand effects.
 For instance, experimenter demand effects are probably less likely to be
 an issue for the multiple choice questions used to measure knowledge than
 for questions about implementation of recommended practices or the use
 of inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed.
 It is reassuring that there is consistency between effects found on questions
 that are more and less prone to experimenter demand effect.
 In other words, if we had found that our interventions did not result in
 a change in knowledge related to optimal plant spacing, yet farmers reported
 that they did apply optimal plant spacing on their plots, we would be more
 worried that the latter effect was driven by experimenter demand effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I also have several additional minor comments:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 I think the research aim section is very repetitive of the introduction.
 I think it could be cut entirely without more than a few sentences being
 added to the intro.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thanks for this suggestion.
 We have removed the research aim section and added key elements from it
 to the intro.

\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.
 I realize this may be more of a style choice but I am used to context sections
 coming before experimental design sections in papers and find such easier
 to read.
 Similarly, I am more used to balance tables in the design section rather
 than results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We have followed your suggestion and moved the context section forward,
 before the experimental design section.
 We also moved the balance tables to the design section instead of presenting
 it as part of the results (this suggestion was also made by reviewer 3
 (R3.16).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 I realize we can’t see the video in paper-form but a few screenshots and
 the transcript in the appendix would be helpful along with a copy of the
 flyer used to invite households to the hotline.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I added footnote 4 with a link to the videos; do you have a copy of the
 flyer that can be stuck in an online appendix? Let's keep this reviewer
 happy!
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The videos will be made available on a public repository such as YouTube
 and referenced in the final version of the paper.
 As mentioned above, when we submitted this manuscript, we also submitted
 a pdf document entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 These were all materials we would have liked to make available in on-line
 appendices.
 It included ITT effects conditional on having a mobile phone, the 2SLS
 (LATE) regressions, an anonymized version of the pre-analysis plan, the
 script for the video (scene by scene), a transcript of the content of the
 IVR system (in English, although the farmers also had access to this informatio
n in Lusoga) and the content of the 8 SMS messages, both in Lusoga and in
 English, and a copy of the flyer used to invite households to the IVR hotline.
 It is unclear if this additional information was also made available to
 the reviewers.
 In any case, all this information will be available in an online appendix
 and will be submitted again with this re-submission.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
10.
 There are no details on how randomization was done in the paper.
 Even if clear from the pre-analysis plan, the paper should include details
 on randomization and any controls necessary given the randomization strategy
 (i.e.
 strata fixed effects).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The randomization was somewhat complicated given that this study was part
 of a larger study that also mixed in other factors to study gender related
 issues in agricultural extension (see footnote 1 in the manuscript).
 We tried to find a balance between providing sufficient information on
 the randomization procedure without overwhelming the reader with too much
 technical detail.
 Note that, in an effort be fully transparent and allow complete reproducibility
, the entire project (including code) is under version control (using git),
 which will be made publicly available.
 The final version of the manuscript will thus include a link to the time-stampe
d R code that was used to obtain the sample and allocate the treatments.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the manuscript: We added the following paragraphs to the
 experimental design section: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 From these districts, we removed town councils and also two sub-counties
 that consisted of islands in Lake Victoria.
 We used two-stage cluster sampling to obtain a representative sample of
 this population, as follows.
 From the five districts, we first selected 50 parishes randomly and in
 proportion to the number of villages within each parish.
 Within each village in the selected parishes, we then listed all households,
 from which we randomly selected 10 households to participate in the study.
 In each village, one of the 10 households was randomly allocated to the
 control group.
 The remaining 9 households were all shown the intervention video (detailed
 below).
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 that were allocated to the video intervention and further randomly allocated
 half of the households assigned to the IVR encouragement to the SMS treatment.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Following on from footnote 1, we also experimentally varied who provided
 the information in the video (a man alone, a woman alone, or a couple (man+woma
n)) as well as to whom the video was shown within the household (a man alone,
 a woman alone, or a couple (man+woman)).
 In the context of a factorial design with two factors with each 3 levels,
 this corresponded to 9 treatment combinations.
 We thus used villages as blocs, and randomly assigned the 9 potential treatment
 combinations to the remaining 9 households in each village.
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 in each treatment cell.
 Among those that were allocated the IVR in each treatment cell, we then
 randomly allocated half of the households to the SMS treatment.
 As such, the treatment cells created by the interaction of the 2 other
 factors were used as blocs in the randomization of IVR and SMS treatments.
 Exactly the same sampling procedure was used in the permutation algorithm
 that was used to judge significance through randomization inference.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
11.
 I think that any outcome that was collected at the individual level should
 be analyzed at the individual level, or at least appendix tables should
 present individual-level results.
 Taking a household-level maximum makes some intuitive sense but is a very
 specific model and it would be good to know the results are robust to others.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The particular intervention that is analyzed in this paper was conceptualized
 at the household level and the experimental unit was the household.
 As mentioned above (and footnote 1 in the manuscript), this study was part
 of a larger study that also mixed in other factors to study gender related
 issues in agricultural extension.
 In a different paper, we plan to use this part of the field experiment
 to learn about information flows within the household.
 While the research hypotheses related to these intra-household information
 transfer inefficiencies were conceptualized and implemented at the individual
 level, the research hypotheses related to the delivery mode analyzed here
 (video, video+IVR,video+IVR+SMS) were conceptualized and implemented at
 the household level (and dummies for orthogonal factors in the design are
 included in the estimation).
 For more information about the design of the entire project and how the
 different factors were integrated into a 3 by 3 full factorial design,
 we refer to the pre-analysis plan.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Answers of both spouses were used to construct household-level outcomes.
 For continuous variables, generally, a simple average was taken from responses
 provided by the two members.
 For binary outcomes, such as whether the household gained knowledge on
 a particular topic, we often assumed the household realized that outcome
 (e.g., knowledge) if at least one member indicated the correct answer.
 For adoption of a particular input or practice, we indicate that the household
 is considered an adopter if at least one household member adopts on at
 least one plot.
 While it is indeed interesting to look at differences in reporting between
 spouses, this is more related to the research hypotheses that were conceptualiz
e at the individual level and will be discussed in a separate paper focusing
 on these issues.
 We feel this is beyond the scope of the current paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
12.
 I find the last paragraph of the conclusion to be a bit out of place given
 the paper has nothing to say about spillovers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Noted, with thanks.
 We have deleted that paragraph.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
R2 - Review of “ICTs to Provide Agricultural Advice to Smallholder Farmers:
 Experimental Evidence from Uganda” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Summary: The paper investigates the potential of Information and Communication
 Technologies (ICTs) for agricultural extension.
 In particular, the authors test whether alternative ICTs can enhance farmers’
 knowledge of improved practices, increase the adoption of such practices,
 and improve yields.
 They set up a field experiment where a random group of farmers was assigned
 to a treatment group which received access to a video (screened on a tablet
 by an enumerator) with agricultural advice.
 Farmers in the treatment group were further split into two groups: one
 was part of an encouragement design to use an interactive voice response
 (IVR) technology and the other one was not.
 The encouragement design promoted farmers’ access to on-demand pre-recorded
 messages on their phones with the same agricultural advices as the video
 intervention.
 Additionally, a randomly selected subgroup of those in the encouragement
 group were assigned to receive eight text messages around the time of some
 important agricultural practices related to the overall extension campaign.
 This design allows the authors to test: (a) the impact of the video extension
 program, (b) the incremental effect of the IVR system, and (c) the additional
 impact of the text message reminders.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, they find that the video intervention increased farmers’ knowledge
 of practices, improved the likelihood of adopting recommended practices,
 and raised yields.
 However, they find that the IVR and text message components generated little
 further improvements in these outcomes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
General Comment: I enjoyed reading the paper and believe it makes a useful
 contribution to the emerging literature on the role of ICTs in agricultural
 extension.
 In my view, its biggest contribution is testing the joint effectiveness
 of different types of ICTs (when most the available work focuses only on
 one).
 Methodologically, the authors are able to estimate causal estimates based
 on randomized assignment.
 They are also rigorous in their inference by using increasingly popular
 techniques (based on randomization inference and adjusting for family-wise
 error rates).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Suggestions: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 The paper is based on a traditional theory of change for agricultural extension
: extension leads to improvements of knowledge, which increases adoption
 of improved practices and subsequently boosts yields.
 Along this line, the paper would benefit from better translating this theory
 of change into their outcomes.
 For example, the paper’s outcomes for knowledge are plant spacing, input
 combination, timing of weeding, and fall armyworm control.
 While they do include some of these concepts in their adoption outcomes
 (i.e., spacing and weeding), there are several others — timing of planting,
 management of striga (though somewhat related 1to weeding), fertilizer
 use, and seed choices — for which there no measures of knowledge gains.
 Including outcomes related to the same practices in their analysis of adoption
 and knowledge would lend more credibility to the mechanisms through which
 ICT-based extension improves farming.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Ultimately, a one-to-one correspondence between the knowledge questions
 and the adoption of specific technologies or practices was not entirely
 practicable within our design.
 Nonetheless, we appreciate the reviewer's insights on this.
 More importantly, we should point out that while the results are presented
 in a way that suggests a traditional theory of change, where a lack of
 technical knowledge is the main constraint to increased modern input use
 or application of recommended practices, we are actually exploring other
 theories as part of this analysis.
 For example, there is an emerging body of research that explores the role
 of peer learning and inspiration in the context of model farmers, and our
 research was also informed by this.
 To explore this, our videos use actors that farmers can relate to, drawing
 on several recent studies 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benyishay2018social,doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 In such cases, it may be that the intervention does not affect knowledge
 (farmers may have prior knowledge about the technology but still not use
 it), yet we might still expect to see a change in behavior, e.g., adoption.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
In fact, for the additional interventions, and SMS in particular, these
 behavioral channels are assumed to be more important than the traditional
 theory of change: As no new information is given, we do not expect to see
 a lot of change in knowledge, but we do expect that farmers will change
 their behavior.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Therefore, assessing changes in knowledge was subordinate to assessing
 changes in behavior.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Relatedly, we opted to measure knowledge on only four topics using 4 multiple
 choice questions.
 These four questions were carefully considered in light of the information
 provided in the video.
 One questions was on spacing.
 The recommendation we provided in the video was a new way of spacing with
 reduced seeding rate that was only recently being promoted by the government
 (spacing of 75cm x 30cm with 1 plant per hill).
 As this was new, we expected to find only few people in the control group
 would know this and that the intervention would significantly increase
 this knowledge.
 This, in turn, we hoped would increase the actual application of the new
 way of spacing.
 As such, this follows a traditional theory of change.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The second question that was included is not so much about testing technical
 knowledge.
 It is more about testing if farmers understood the broader message given
 in the video that successful farmers generally see maize farming more as
 a business enterprise than as a means to provide food for the household.
 This question suggests impact works more through aspirational channels,
 testing if farmers understood the message given in the video that successful
 farming requires foresight, planning, and risk taking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The third question was included to investigate how video can be used to
 make a known technology more salient.
 We knew from previous work in the region and from qualitative interviews
 that farmers are generally well aware about the practice and benefits of
 optimal timing for first weeding, but few farmers actually do it.
 We wanted to investigate if simply repeating something that farmers already
 know is effective.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The last questions was added to see if our information interventions would
 crowd in additional search for information.
 We did not provide any information about fall armyworm in our videos, IVR
 nor SMS messages.
 We thus also did not expect our interventions to have a direct effect on
 knowledge related to fighting fall armyworm.
 However, it could be that farmers that received information on recommended
 practices and modern inputs and shown stories of successful farmers start
 to look for information from various other sources.
 As fall armyworm was an important emerging problem at the time, we thought
 this would be a good topic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: In Section 3 (
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

ICT intervention), we have two paragraphs that explain the different impact
 pathways or theories of change we are considering in this paper.
 We have edited these paragraphs slightly to help address the concerns raised
 by the reviewer, with thanks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That said, not all constraints to maize productivity improvement are associated
 with information deficiencies directly related to the use of inputs, technologi
es, and crop management practices.
 Often, missing information problems manifest indirectly, as uncertainty
 about a range of variables affecting the farm-household's profit function,
 which farmers may simply be unable to conceptualize or measure.
 This includes uncertainty about the correlations between expected and actual
 returns, the inter-temporality of income streams, estimates of fixed and
 variable costs, hidden transactions costs, and probabilities of adverse
 events.
 Thus, a significant portion of the video also focuses on evaluating the
 costs and benefits of the different technologies and practices being promoted.
 In addition, the videos encourage long-term thinking, advising farmers
 to (a) start small and grow their farm enterprise over time, and (b) combine
 technologies and practices rather than investing all their money and effort
 into one single input, practice, or technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
We also pay attention to how the information is packaged.
 For instance, prior studies have found that farmers find communicators
 who face agricultural conditions and constraints most comparable to their
 own to be more persuasive than other communicators 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benyishay2018social"

\end_inset

.
 Several studies point out the importance of role models in shaping aspirations
 and future-oriented behavior 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 A growing strand of the literature investigates how noncognitive farmer
 characteristics such as aspirations, locus of control, and self-esteem
 can lead to behavioral change such as technology adoption 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, in our video, the message is conveyed by individuals who are
 readily recognized as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

peer farmers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and who provide information that is framed as a success story.
 Note that these peer farmers featured in the video represent the key source
 of information, while the enumerators charged with screening the video
 is neither an extension agent nor representing him or herself as an extension
 agent.
 However, the enumerators' level of education, training on the intervention,
 and understanding of the content make them a reasonable stand-in for extension
 agents in that they provide a consistent and complementary signal to the
 messaging in the video.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Furthermore, we made some changes to the part where we explain the knowledge
 questions.
 We now indicate for each question why it was included by referring to the
 potential impact pathway:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The first question was related to technical knowledge about planting.
 In our video, we recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per
 hill, and this was the correct option.
 Other possible answers included a spacing of 75cm x 60cm with two seeds
 per hill, which is standard for many farmers and recommended by many extension
 agents in Uganda, and an intermediate alternative of 75cm x 30cm with two
 seeds per hill.
 Because our video recommended a technique that deviates from what is considered
 to be standard spacing, we assumed that the recommended practice was new
 to most of the farmers.
 This question thus tests a traditional theory of change, that holds that
 extension generates knowledge, which leads to increased adoption and subsequent
ly boosts yields.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
The second question was related to viewing farming as a business enterprise.
 In the video, we paid ample attention to promoting an approach where farmers
 start small and grow over time by reinvesting, and we emphasized the benefits
 of combining inputs rather than investing only in one input, for example,
 improved seed.
 To examine whether farmers internalize the advice provided, we asked them
 what a successful farmer would do if he or she had only UGX 40,000 (Ugandan
 shillings).
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
At the time this study was conducted, the exchange rate was approximately
 UGX 3,628 per USD.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The correct answer was to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use this amount to purchase improved seed and fertilizer and start intensified
 farming on a small area.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

Alternative options were to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy hybrid seeds, because without good seeds, yields
 will be low
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy fertilizer, because with poor soils, yields will
 be low.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question implies a theory of change that operates through more aspirationa
l channels by testing.
 it tests whether farmers understood the broader message that successful
 farmers generally see maize farming more as a business that requires foresight,
 planning, and risk-taking 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "lybbert2018poverty,bernard2014aspirations,RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
For the third question, we asked if farmers knew when weeding is most important.
 The video showed that weeding is most important during the first four weeks
 after planting, as maize is a poor competitor for light and nutrients.
 We assumed that most farmers would know the correct answer to this question
 given that weeding is part of well-established management practices in
 the study area.
 Alternative answers were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is knee high
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is at tasseling stage.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question suggests a theory of change directly related to the saliency
 effect of ICT-mediated information provision 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion,doi:10.1093/qje/qju015"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Finally, we asked if farmers knew when spraying against fall armyworm is
 most effective.
 No information was given about combating fall armyworm in the intervention
 video, so unless our intervention unexpectedly encouraged farmers to search
 for additional information, we do not expect any impact.
 For this question, the correct option was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

during the evening, as fall armyworm eats during night,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 while the other options were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

early in the morning when it is still cool
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

at noon because sunlight increases chemical performance.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 The paper would benefit from clarification of the research design.
 In particular, it would be useful to better understand why — in contrast
 to most recent field experiments on agricultural extension — the randomization
 was conducted at the individual rather than the village level.
 Information can flow easily between subjects and create externalities.
 While cluster randomization does not eliminate contamination of the control
 group, it reduces (inasmuch as possible) this flow of information.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
As mentioned in footnote 1 in the manuscript, this research was part of
 a larger research project that also used the video intervention to explore
 issues related to gender in agricultural extension.
 The full design needed to be balanced across 30 treatment combinations,
 which was hard to achieve using cluster randomization.
 We thus decided to randomize at the individual level, despite the risk
 that the controls also benefit from the treatment (making it harder to
 detect a significant difference if there is an effect).
 The research design is now much better explained.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We have added the following to the Experimental
 Design and Estimation of Treatment Effect section:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 From these districts, we removed town councils and also two sub-counties
 that consisted of islands in Lake Victoria.
 We used two-stage cluster sampling to obtain a representative sample of
 this population, as follows.
 From the five districts, we first selected 50 parishes randomly and in
 proportion to the number of villages within each parish.
 Within each village in the selected parishes, we then listed all households,
 from which we randomly selected 10 households to participate in the study.
 In each village, one of the 10 households was randomly allocated to the
 control group.
 The remaining 9 households were all shown the intervention video (detailed
 below).
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 that were allocated to the video intervention and further randomly allocated
 half of the households assigned to the IVR encouragement to the SMS treatment.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Following on from footnote 1, we also experimentally varied who provided
 the information in the video (a man alone, a woman alone, or a couple (man+woma
n)) as well as to whom the video was shown within the household (a man alone,
 a woman alone, or a couple (man+woman)).
 In the context of a factorial design with two factors with each 3 levels,
 this corresponded to 9 treatment combinations.
 We thus used villages as blocs, and randomly assigned the 9 potential treatment
 combinations to the remaining 9 households in each village.
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 in each treatment cell.
 Among those that were allocated the IVR in each treatment cell, we then
 randomly allocated half of the households to the SMS treatment.
 As such, the treatment cells created by the interaction of the 2 other
 factors were used as blocs in the randomization of IVR and SMS treatments.
 Exactly the same sampling procedure was used in the permutation algorithm
 that was used to judge significance through randomization inference.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The authors find considerable impacts of their video intervention (especially
 for plant spacing), but no additional effects of the other ICTs (such as
 IVR).
 The IVR encouragement design was conducted through randomly providing some
 farmers with flyers incentivizing them to call a toll-free number and get
 agricultural information.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One can always argue that — if there are flows of information from the video
 to the control group — this would provide an underestimate of the treatment
 effect (given that it is already sizable and positive).
 But, the randomization strategy by itself may have a role to play in the
 IVR effect.
 Those with access to the extension videos may have shared the toll-free
 number with others.
 Because the video and IVR information have complementary effects (as implicitly
 assumed in the setup of the field experiment), those with information about
 the toll free number are more likely to have shared it with others that
 also had been in a video screening session.
 This would generate a downward bias of the treatment effect (which might
 be truly positive) of the IVR (consistent with the findings of the paper).
 Furthermore, text- message intervention was nested within the IVR encouragement
 design, this contamination can also downward bias the estimates of the
 text message campaign.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
One potential way to address this is to use the random assignment to the
 IVR as an instrument for actually calling the toll free number.
 The authors do account for this possibility in the paper.
 However, the results are not shown, and the paper might benefit from presenting
 them.
 The authors find there were 430 unique calls, out of which 214 corresponded
 to phone numbers in the encouragement group (about 9% of the encouraged
 households).
 It is unclear how many of these unique calls could be traced to individuals
 in the experiment that were not part of this encouragement group.
 This could provide an idea of any contamination of the control group that
 could lead the ITT estimate downwards.
 It would also tell us how strong the first is and whether the instrument
 is relevant enough for an IV estimation.
 Additionally, the take-up in the encouraged group (9%) would suggest that
 the IV-treatment effect would correspond to the Intent-to-treat (ITT) scaled-up
 by a factor of 11 (potentially larger once we account for any potential
 take-up in the control group).
 This could lead to a different interpretation of the results if the IV
 estimates are large (even when not statistically significant).
 This information would help us better understand the IVR (and potentially
 the text message) results of the paper.
 Is it that the ITT is low due to contamination? Can we conclude that there
 are no effects of IVR? Are these effects sizable, but imprecise? Or should
 we just conclude that the demand was low (and there is not much more to
 say about this)?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We appreciate the reviewer's insights here.
 See also the comments of reviewer 1 (R1.3) and reviewer 3 (R3.9) on making
 the LATE analysis more prominent.

\emph default
 
\emph on
The original submission of this manuscript was accompanied by a pdf document
 entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 of materials we would have liked to make available in on-line appendices.
 It included the 2SLS (LATE) regressions.
 Apparently, this was not made available to the reviewers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We now discuss the low take-up of the IVR intervention earlier in the paper.
 In a sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Demand for IVR and local average treatment effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional Analysis and Robustness Tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, we explain that farmers self-select into the IVR treatment.
 We then present regressions that show how uptake is correlated to baseline
 characteristics.
 We discuss LATE effects briefly, and refer to tables in the appendix for
 completeness.
 We note that results do not change all that much.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We then reflect on potential reasons for the lack of impact.
 We examine take-up and using simple back-of-the-envelope calculations show
 the minimum detectable effect size and how it is affected by low compliance.
 We then argue that contamination is unlikely to lead to a downward bias,
 as only 1 percent of households in the control group called the IVR.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We then discuss a concern with our measure of compliance.
 In particular, we suspect that our indicator of take-up of the intervention
 is likely to significantly underestimate true compliance.
 That is, our indicator of compliance is taken from the IVR system log,
 where recorded telephone numbers are matched to phone numbers that were
 recorded during baseline data collection.
 This indicator is likely to severely under-report true compliance, as encourage
d farmers may have used different phones to call the IVR.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
The fact that 430 unique calls to the system were recorded, representing
 about 18 percent of encouraged households, confirms this suspicion.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Using our measure of compliance, we cannot maintain that the exclusion
 restriction holds, as some of the potential outcomes are directly determined
 by the instrument.
 The problem becomes apparent when we think about LATE as the Wald estimator
 that scales the ITT by compliance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "angrist_mostly_2008"

\end_inset

.
 In our case, the ITT will be estimated on the basis of all farmers encouraged
 to call in to the IVR system.
 Our measure of compliance forces the LATE estimation to work with the 214
 households that show up in the IVR log and could be identified in the baseline,
 rather than through the 430 farmers that called in, which in the case of
 a positive impact would lead to an overestimate of the impact of the treatment
 among compliers.
 It is well known that especially in the context of a weak first stage,
 the bias can become extremely large 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2007using"

\end_inset

.
 We thus conclude that LATE results are difficult to interpret and suggest
 to instead focus on the ITT effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Redoing the LATE analysis made us realize that actually all farmers that
 were allocated to the SMS treatment did receive the SMS messages.
 As a result, we dropped the LATE analysis for this component of the interventio
n, but briefly discuss the fact that farmers need a phone to be able to
 receive the messages.
 This is highlighted in the section titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Heterogeneous treatment effects.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We refer to these issues primarily in the sub-section
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Demand for IVR and Local Average Treatment Effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which is in the section titled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 The authors report an attrition rate of 7.3%.
 Considering that the intervention only took place over a few months, this
 is quite large.
 While there is no differential attrition between treatment arms (in terms
 of rates and some selected characteristics), the authors could calculate
 bounds (Manski-type, Lee-type, or other) to determine how sensitive their
 estimates are to this problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Baseline data was collected in August 2017, while endline data was collected
 from February 2018 onward, so there were about 6 months between baseline
 and endline.
 We therefore would argue that attrition is not all that high.
 However, to better address the reviewer's concerns, we have now referred
 (using a footnote) to a section in the appendix where we deploy various
 strategies to explore whether attrition is likely to be related to potential
 outcomes, including the tests that were suggested by reviewer 3 (R3.18),
 and estimate Manski bounds corresponding to all tables in the paper.
 We do not find that attrition is problematic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: The reviewer is kindly referred to the separate
 section 7.1 in the Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 The only outcomes for which the paper finds any impact of the IVR platform
 are the ones related to the adoption of fertilizer (negative effect) and
 improved seeds (large and positive effect).
 Given the other results in the paper, this seems counterintuitive.
 The authors argue that “with access to a more demand-driven ICT channel,
 farmers that used organic fertilizer may seek information on more complex
 but efficient types of fertilizers” (p.26) and that “providing farmers with
 a tool that allows them to actively seek out information about a new input
 or technology increases the likelihood that they also adopt hybrid maize
 seed” (p 27).
 Based on the IVR-dial in codes (e.g., press “1” for recommendations about
 seeds, press “2” for recommendations about fertilizer”, etc.), can the authors
 show that these were topics for which farmers in the encouraged group actively
 demanded? This would lend credibility to the authors’ proposed interpretation
 of their estimates.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is a useful suggestion.
 We find that among farmers that called the IVR service and selected the
 seed topic, 38 percent report that they used hybrid seed.
 This is 35 percent among those that called but did not select this topic.
 However, the difference is not statistically significant.
 Furthermore, 27 percent farmers that called the IVR system and selected
 to get information on soil health report that they use DAP/NPK; this is
 one percentage point lower for farmers that did not listen to this topic.
 In addition, 11 percent of farmers that listened to the soil health messages
 report using urea.
 Here, 7.6 percent of farmers that did not listen to this message report
 using urea.
 Also, use rates of organic fertilizer are higher among those that selected
 the topic in the IVR.
 Also here, none of the differences are significant.
 This is likely due to the fact that very few people called the IVR system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We added the following footnote to the finding
 that the IVR encouragement had an effect on hybrid seed use (effects are
 less convincing for fertilizer):
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Consistent with this interpretation, we find that among farmers that called
 the IVR service and selected the topic on seed selection, 38 percent reported
 that they used hybrid seed.
 This rate is only 35 percent among those that called but did not select
 this topic.
 However, the difference is not statistically significant.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 The paper’s results on input adoption are based on self-reported measures
 of input use (e.g., used urea / organic fertilizer / hybrid maize seed /
 open pollinated varieties in at least one plot).
 Is there any possibility to cross check this with other measures of input
 use (such as purchased quantities or expenditures in some inputs)? This
 can lend credibility to the results if we believe that mere report of any
 input use is more subject to social desirability bias than other (less
 direct) measures.
 The authors might also be able to estimate some back-of-the- envelope calculati
ons about plant spacing.
 For example, knowing the size of the area planted for maize and the total
 amount of seeds (improved or not), they could be able to estimate whether
 these quantities are consistent with a 75cm x 30cm spacing recommended
 by the intervention (at least for those who claim that hey followed this
 advice).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Concerns related to self-reported outcomes and the danger of bias due to
 social desirability or experimenter demand effects have been mentioned
 by all reviewers (R1.6, R3.7,R3.7).
 We considered your suggestion to confirm application of the practice of
 plant spacing by using quantities of seed used.
 However, the default spacing uses virtually the same quantity of seed per
 acre.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We added a separate section where we discuss why it is unlikely that our
 analysis is driven by social desirability bias.
 This includes the suggestion you make in your next point on heterogeneous
 treatment effect, where finding larger impacts for farmers closer to input
 dealers would make it less likely findings are driven by social desirability.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we added a sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimenter demand effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Experimenter demand effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
A key concern with this study is the use of self-reported survey data on
 key outcomes, as opposed to outcomes that are measured by a third party
 in a more objective way.
 Study participants may report what they feel is desired in that context
 (social desirability bias).
 In an RCT, social desirability bias becomes a concern if it is correlated
 to the treatment, which is sometimes referred to as experimenter demand
 effects 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "zizzo2010experimenter"

\end_inset

.
 While recent research suggests that experimenter demand effects may be
 less problematic than initially thought 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "de2018measuring,mummolo2019demand"

\end_inset

, we offer the following thoughts on why experimenter demand effects are
 unlikely to drive our results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
First, during the design of the endline questionnaire, we tried to minimize
 potential experimenter demand effects by careful formulation of the questions.
 Experimenter demand effects are more likely to be a concern for simple
 yes/no questions than for more open-ended questions.
 For instance, in our endline survey, we did not ask if farmers used 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of one seed per hill
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as recommended.
 Rather, we asked farmers to describe the planting process, and the enumerator
 was then required to select an appropriate response from a list of options
 that was not revealed to the farmer.
 For input adoption, we started from broad questions (e.g., whether fertilizer
 was used on a particular plot) and then asked farmers to provide further
 details (e.g., about fertilizer type, timing of application, quantities,
 and price), thereby allowing enumerators to detect inconsistencies that
 might signal experimenter demand effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Second, in our endline survey, not all outcomes are equally likely to be
 affected by experimenter demand effects.
 For instance, experimenter demand effects are probably less likely to be
 an issue for the multiple choice questions used to measure knowledge than
 for questions about implementation of recommended practices or the use
 of inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed.
 It is reassuring that there is consistency between effects found on questions
 that are more and less prone to experimenter demand effect.
 In other words, if we had found that our interventions did not result in
 a change in knowledge related to optimal plant spacing, yet farmers reported
 that they did apply optimal plant spacing on their plots, we would be more
 worried that the latter effect was driven by experimenter demand effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
6.
 The intervention promotes increased input use by aiming to increase farmers’
 demand for improved seeds and fertilizer.
 Demand can indeed increase the use of these inputs, but this effect will
 also depend on their availability or monetary constraints.
 In this line, the authors might want to estimate heterogeneous treatment
 effects of input use by baseline expenditures (or resource constraint proxies,
 if available) and by distance to nearest agro input dealer (included as
 a variable in Table 1).
 The results should, in theory, suggest larger impacts among wealthier household
s and among those closer to agro dealers.
 A finding along these lines would reduce the possibility that paper’s results
 are due to misreporting related to social desirability bias: we would need
 to believe in the unlikely possibility households that are wealthier or
 have better access to improved inputs strategically decide to report their
 answers differentially.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is a good suggestion that is also related to requests for a in-depth
 exploration of heterogeneity in treatment effects (see R4.8).
 We have thus explored this as part of a more general analysis of heterogeneous
 treatment effects reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:cate_tech"

\end_inset

.
 Results indeed suggest that the positive impact of the video on the use
 of urea is particularly large for farmers that are relatively close to
 an input dealer (defined as less or equal than 5 km, the median distance
 in our sample).
 At the same time, and consistent with the theoretical prediction of the
 reviewer, we do not find that the increase in organic fertilizer as a result
 to the video intervention is sensitive to distance to an input provider.
 It was harder to test for heterogeneous effects related to baseline resources,
 as we did not collect detailed data on consumption or asset holdings at
 baseline.
 We tried using different proxies for wealth (such the number of rooms scaled
 by the number of household members, area cultivated, whether the household
 had access to off-farm income,...), but we do not find that effects are different
 between the two groups.
 This may be because the income constraint is not binding–fertilizer can
 usually be obtained in small quantities.
 A similar finding applies to the IVR effect on hybrid seed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: see above.
 The following text was added in a sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimenter demand effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 The paper suggests that the intervention increased yields: while there
 are no changes in total production, there are reductions in households’
 planted areas.
 The authors attribute this increase in yields to their recommendation to
 “start small” with the use of practices and inputs.
 A significant portion of the effect on knowledge and practices comes from
 recommendations on plant spacing.
 However, there are no increases in the respondents’ perceptions of better
 yields in the treatment group.
 So, another possibility is that, by making space more salient, they might
 have primed households to think more carefully about the total surface
 that they had planted (and this might lead to a reduction in their report
 about their planted areas).
 This would imply that their results would be driven by differential reporting,
 rather than actual increases in yields.
 Can the authors say something about this possibility?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We think it is unlikely that priming is responsible for the effect.
 The new spacing does not affect total area planted (and also does not affect
 the quantity of seed needed, see also your comment 5 above).
 Furthermore, we feel that there may be some issues with question related
 to the perception of yields: Farmers may have confused yields with production.
 Consistent with our recommendation to start small and combine technologies
 and the results that yield effects are due to producing the same amounts
 on smaller plots, farmers may indicate that on the plot the same amount
 of maize was produced when in fact part was left fallow or planted with
 another crop.
 See also comment 21 of Reviewer 4.
 (R4.21)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Minor Comments: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.
 Based on the text, the campaign’s impact on knowledge is based on short
 quizzes with questions that include four multiple-choice answers.
 However, the examples provided suggest that the number of choices were
 actually three.
 For example, for the question about the timing of weeding the alternatives
 seem to be: “during the first four weeks after planting”, “when the maize
 is knee high” and “when the maize is at tasseling stage”.
 Similar cases occur with the other knowledge questions.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
There was a fourth option where farmers could indicate that they did not
 know the answer.
 This is indicated in the revised text: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The respondent was also allowed to indicate if he or she did not know the
 correct answer.
 
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 There are some imbalances between treatment arms at baseline (as suggested
 by Table 1).
 Can the authors provide any idea whether their results are sensitive to
 including imbalanced variables in their estimations? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This was also a comment of reviewer 4 (R4.18).
 While there is some imbalance, this seems to be within what one would expect
 by chance alone.
 Furthermore, joint balance is never rejected.
 In addition, the imbalance is found only for the additional IVR and SMS
 treatments, for which we find little effects anyway.
 As such, imbalance does not drive the impact of the video intervention
 we find (which would be the biggest concern).
 That said, we have redone the analysis where we now control for the variables
 where imbalances were found.
 The results are reported in Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_knowledge"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_production"

\end_inset

.
 The results are virtually the same.
 A footnote has been added in the text that refers to the tables in the
 Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
R3 - Title: Information and communication technologies (ICTs) to provide
 agricultural advice to smallholder farmers: Experimental evidence from
 Uganda 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Summary This study experimentally assesses the impact of ICT-based agricultural
 extension on knowledge, adoption of recommended technologies and practices,
 and agricultural production among maize farmers in Uganda.
 The main intervention consists of a video clip on maize farming delivered
 in person.
 The study also evaluates the additional effects of an IVR hotline service
 offering an interactive menu-based information service on the same set
 of agricultural topics, and a series of SMS messages providing the same
 advice timed appropriately throughout the agricultural season.
 Using the survey data, the authors find that the video intervention increased
 relevant agricultural knowledge and the likelihood of adopting recommended
 practices, leading to a 10% increase in maize yield (kg/acre), whereas
 the additional effects of IVR and SMS interventions were insignificant.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The findings of the study can add to the growing literature on the impact
 of ICT interventions in agricultural extension.
 However, I have several major concerns about the current analysis and discussio
n.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Major comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Inadequate information about experimental design – The manuscript lacks
 information on the intervention, experimental design and randomization
 procedure: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 The sample was drawn in three stages – random selection of parishes, villages,
 and then households.
 Was randomization carried out at the individual-level without any stratificatio
n? The estimation model suggests so, but I’d like the authors to confirm
 as it is unusual to have a sample of 4000 households from a large geographic
 area without geographic stratification.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 From this, we removed town councils and also two sub-counties that consisted
 of islands in lake Victoria.
 We used two-stage cluster sampling to obtain a representative sample of
 this population.
 In particular, from the five districts, we first selected 50 parishes randomly
 with the probability of selection in proportion to the number of villages
 within each parish.
 Within each village in the selected parishes (a parish has about 5 to 7
 villages), we then listed all (monogamous) households that grew maize in
 the previous season, from which we randomly selected 10 households to participa
te in the study.
 This listing was done in July 2017.
 We have rewritten the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimental Design and Estimation of Treatment Effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 to make this clearer.
 See also comment 2 of reviewer 2 (R2.2).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We have added the following to the Experimental
 Design and Estimation of Treatment Effect section:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

We sampled from five districts in eastern Uganda known for their maize productio
n: Bugiri, Mayuge, Iganga, Namayingo, and Namutumba.
 From these districts, we removed town councils and also two sub-counties
 that consisted of islands in Lake Victoria.
 We used two-stage cluster sampling to obtain a representative sample of
 this population, as follows.
 From the five districts, we first selected 50 parishes randomly and in
 proportion to the number of villages within each parish.
 Within each village in the selected parishes, we then listed all households,
 from which we randomly selected 10 households to participate in the study.
 In each village, one of the 10 households was randomly allocated to the
 control group.
 The remaining 9 households were all shown the intervention video (detailed
 below).
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 that were allocated to the video intervention and further randomly allocated
 half of the households assigned to the IVR encouragement to the SMS treatment.
\begin_inset Foot
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
Following on from footnote 1, we also experimentally varied who provided
 the information in the video (a man alone, a woman alone, or a couple (man+woma
n)) as well as to whom the video was shown within the household (a man alone,
 a woman alone, or a couple (man+woman)).
 In the context of a factorial design with two factors with each 3 levels,
 this corresponded to 9 treatment combinations.
 We thus used villages as blocs, and randomly assigned the 9 potential treatment
 combinations to the remaining 9 households in each village.
 We then added the IVR treatment randomly to two-thirds of the households
 in each treatment cell.
 Among those that were allocated the IVR in each treatment cell, we then
 randomly allocated half of the households to the SMS treatment.
 As such, the treatment cells created by the interaction of the 2 other
 factors were used as blocs in the randomization of IVR and SMS treatments.
 Exactly the same sampling procedure was used in the permutation algorithm
 that was used to judge significance through randomization inference.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 What was the rationale for surveying two people from each household at
 endline? Was the video intervention shown to the couple in each household
 by design? The authors explained that the best response was taken for the
 knowledge outcomes and the means were taken for the production outcomes.
 What about the adoption measures? The gender role in agricultural decision-maki
ng may also inform the optimal way of generating the outcomes.
 If one member in a household tends to be responsible for agricultural decision-
making, his or her responses on knowledge may be more relevant.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
As mentioned in footnote 1 in the manuscript, this study was part of a larger
 study that introduced other factors to the design in order to (separately)
 study gender-related issues in agricultural extension.
 One of these research topics was related to the study of frictions in the
 diffusion of information within the household.
 In particular, the screening of the video itself was also randomized into
 three 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

treatment arms
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (see also your previous comment).
 In 1/3 of households that were allocated to the video treatment, the man
 alone in the household was shown the video.
 In another 1/3, the video was shown to the woman alone within the household.In
 the final 1/3, the video was shown to the couple (man+woman) together.
 In a different paper, we plan to use this part of the field experiment
 to learn about information flows within the household.
 While the research hypotheses related to these intra-household information
 transfer inefficiencies were conceptualized and implemented at the individual
 level, the research hypotheses related to the delivery mode (video, video+IVR,v
ideo+IVR+SMS) was conceptualized and implemented at the household level
 (and dummies for orthogonal factors in the design are included in all regressio
ns).
 For more information about the design of the entire project and how the
 different factors were integrated into a 3 by 3 full factorial design,
 we refer readers to the pre-analysis plan.
 We feel an elaborate explanation of these design specificities in the paper
 may lead to confusion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Answers of both spouses were used to construct household-level outcomes.
 For continuous variables, generally, a simple average was taken between
 the two members.
 For binary outcomes, such as whether the household gained knowledge on
 a particular topic, we assumed the household learned if at least one member
 indicated the correct answer.
 For adoption of a particular practice of input, we indicate that the household
 adopts if at least one household member reports adopting on at least one
 plot (consistent with how it is done in 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

).
 While it is indeed interesting to look at differences in reporting between
 spouses, this is more related to the research hypotheses that were conceptualiz
ed at the individual level and will be discussed in the paper focusing on
 these.
 We feel this topic goes beyond the scope of the current paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 It would be helpful for the authors to provide the detailed information
 on the content of the three ICT interventions in Appendix, including all
 of the topics covered, the exact scripts of SMS messages, etc.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
When we submitted this manuscript, we also submitted a pdf document entitled
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 This document contained all of the materials we want make available in
 on-line appendices.
 It included ITT effects conditional on having a mobile phone, the 2SLS
 (LATE) regressions, an anonymized version of the pre-analysis plan, the
 script for the video (scene by scene), a transcript of the content of the
 IVR system (in English, although the farmers also had access to this informatio
n in Lusgoga), the content of the eight SMS messages, both in Lusoga and
 in English, and a copy of the flyer used to invite households to the hotline.
 It is unclear if this additional information was also made available to
 the reviewers.
 It is our expectation that all these material will be made available in
 an online appendix.
 The videos will be made available on a public repository such as YouTube
 and referenced in the final version of the paper.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Outcomes measures - I have several concerns about how the outcomes were
 selected and constructed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 The selection of measures used for knowledge and recommended practices
 seem somewhat arbitrary.
 For example, the knowledge section includes a question about practices
 on managing fall armyworms, but there is no adoption measure that corresponds
 to this question.
 Similarly, adoption measures include the timing of planning and removing
 striga, but there are no corresponding questions in the knowledge section.
 Do these analyses use all of the relevant questions asked in the survey?
 If yes, how were they selected at the stage of survey development? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This question is similar to the first concern of reviewer 2 (R2.1), and is
 well taken.
 Ultimately, a one-to-one correspondence between the knowledge questions
 and the adoption of specific technologies or practices was not entirely
 practicable within our design.
 Nonetheless, we appreciate the reviewer's insights on this.
 More importantly, we should point out that while the results are presented
 in a way that suggests a traditional theory of change, where a lack of
 technical knowledge is the main constraint to increased modern input use
 or application of recommended practices, we are actually exploring other
 theories as part of this analysis.
 For example, there is an emerging body of research that explores the role
 of peer learning and inspiration in the context of model farmers, and our
 research was also informed by this.
 To explore this, our videos use actors that farmers can relate to, drawing
 on several recent studies 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benyishay2018social,doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 In such cases, it may be that the intervention does not affect knowledge
 (farmers may have prior knowledge about the technology but still not use
 it), yet we might still expect to see a change in behavior, e.g., adoption.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
In fact, for the additional interventions, and SMS in particular, these
 behavioral channels are assumed to be more important than the traditional
 theory of change: As no new information is given, we do not expect to see
 a lot of change in knowledge, but we do expect that farmers will change
 their behavior.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Therefore, assessing changes in knowledge was subordinate to assessing
 changes in behavior.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Relatedly, we opted to measure knowledge on only four topics using 4 multiple
 choice questions.
 These four questions were carefully considered in light of the information
 provided in the video.
 One questions was on spacing.
 The recommendation we provided in the video was a new way of spacing with
 reduced seeding rate that was only recently being promoted by the government
 (spacing of 75cm x 30cm with 1 plant per hill).
 As this was new, we expected to find only few people in the control group
 would know this and that the intervention would significantly increase
 this knowledge.
 This, in turn, we hoped would increase the actual application of the new
 way of spacing.
 As such, this follows a traditional theory of change.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The second question that was included is not so much about testing technical
 knowledge.
 It is more about testing if farmers understood the broader message given
 in the video that successful farmers generally see maize farming more as
 a business enterprise than as a means to provide food for the household.
 This question suggests impact works more through aspirational channels,
 testing if farmers understood the message given in the video that successful
 farming requires foresight, planning, and risk taking.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The third question was included to investigate how video can be used to
 make a known technology more salient.
 We knew from previous work in the region and from qualitative interviews
 that farmers are generally well aware about the practice and benefits of
 optimal timing for first weeding, but few farmers actually do it.
 We wanted to investigate if simply repeating something that farmers already
 know is effective.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The last questions was added to see if our information interventions would
 crowd in additional search for information.
 We did not provide any information about fall armyworm in our videos, IVR
 nor SMS messages.
 We thus also did not expect our interventions to have a direct effect on
 knowledge related to fighting fall armyworm.
 However, it could be that farmers that received information on recommended
 practices and modern inputs and shown stories of successful farmers start
 to look for information from various other sources.
 As fall armyworm was an important emerging problem at the time, we thought
 this would be a good topic.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: In Section 3 (
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

ICT intervention), we have two paragraphs that explain the different impact
 pathways or theories of change we are considering in this paper.
 We have edited these paragraphs slightly to help address the concerns raised
 by the reviewer, with thanks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

That said, not all constraints to maize productivity improvement are associated
 with information deficiencies directly related to the use of inputs, technologi
es, and crop management practices.
 Often, missing information problems manifest indirectly, as uncertainty
 about a range of variables affecting the farm-household's profit function,
 which farmers may simply be unable to conceptualize or measure.
 This includes uncertainty about the correlations between expected and actual
 returns, the inter-temporality of income streams, estimates of fixed and
 variable costs, hidden transactions costs, and probabilities of adverse
 events.
 Thus, a significant portion of the video also focuses on evaluating the
 costs and benefits of the different technologies and practices being promoted.
 In addition, the videos encourage long-term thinking, advising farmers
 to (a) start small and grow their farm enterprise over time, and (b) combine
 technologies and practices rather than investing all their money and effort
 into one single input, practice, or technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
We also pay attention to how the information is packaged.
 For instance, prior studies have found that farmers find communicators
 who face agricultural conditions and constraints most comparable to their
 own to be more persuasive than other communicators 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "benyishay2018social"

\end_inset

.
 Several studies point out the importance of role models in shaping aspirations
 and future-oriented behavior 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "doi:10.1093/wber/lhv014"

\end_inset

.
 A growing strand of the literature investigates how noncognitive farmer
 characteristics such as aspirations, locus of control, and self-esteem
 can lead to behavioral change such as technology adoption 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, in our video, the message is conveyed by individuals who are
 readily recognized as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

peer farmers
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and who provide information that is framed as a success story.
 Note that these peer farmers featured in the video represent the key source
 of information, while the enumerators charged with screening the video
 is neither an extension agent nor representing him or herself as an extension
 agent.
 However, the enumerators' level of education, training on the intervention,
 and understanding of the content make them a reasonable stand-in for extension
 agents in that they provide a consistent and complementary signal to the
 messaging in the video.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Furthermore, we made some changes to the part where we explain the knowledge
 questions.
 We now indicate for each question why it was included by referring to the
 potential impact pathway:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

The first question was related to technical knowledge about planting.
 In our video, we recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per
 hill, and this was the correct option.
 Other possible answers included a spacing of 75cm x 60cm with two seeds
 per hill, which is standard for many farmers and recommended by many extension
 agents in Uganda, and an intermediate alternative of 75cm x 30cm with two
 seeds per hill.
 Because our video recommended a technique that deviates from what is considered
 to be standard spacing, we assumed that the recommended practice was new
 to most of the farmers.
 This question thus tests a traditional theory of change, that holds that
 extension generates knowledge, which leads to increased adoption and subsequent
ly boosts yields.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
The second question was related to viewing farming as a business enterprise.
 In the video, we paid ample attention to promoting an approach where farmers
 start small and grow over time by reinvesting, and we emphasized the benefits
 of combining inputs rather than investing only in one input, for example,
 improved seed.
 To examine whether farmers internalize the advice provided, we asked them
 what a successful farmer would do if he or she had only UGX 40,000 (Ugandan
 shillings).
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
At the time this study was conducted, the exchange rate was approximately
 UGX 3,628 per USD.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The correct answer was to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use this amount to purchase improved seed and fertilizer and start intensified
 farming on a small area.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

Alternative options were to: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy hybrid seeds, because without good seeds, yields
 will be low
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

use all the money to buy fertilizer, because with poor soils, yields will
 be low.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question implies a theory of change that operates through more aspirationa
l channels by testing.
 it tests whether farmers understood the broader message that successful
 farmers generally see maize farming more as a business that requires foresight,
 planning, and risk-taking 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "lybbert2018poverty,bernard2014aspirations,RePEc:eee:jeborg:v:143:y:2017:i:c:p:98-115"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
For the third question, we asked if farmers knew when weeding is most important.
 The video showed that weeding is most important during the first four weeks
 after planting, as maize is a poor competitor for light and nutrients.
 We assumed that most farmers would know the correct answer to this question
 given that weeding is part of well-established management practices in
 the study area.
 Alternative answers were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is knee high
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

when the maize is at tasseling stage.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 This question suggests a theory of change directly related to the saliency
 effect of ICT-mediated information provision 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion,doi:10.1093/qje/qju015"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Finally, we asked if farmers knew when spraying against fall armyworm is
 most effective.
 No information was given about combating fall armyworm in the intervention
 video, so unless our intervention unexpectedly encouraged farmers to search
 for additional information, we do not expect any impact.
 For this question, the correct option was 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

during the evening, as fall armyworm eats during night,
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 while the other options were: 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

early in the morning when it is still cool
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

at noon because sunlight increases chemical performance.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
As for the analysis of recommended practices and use of modern inputs, most
 of the questions are included in the analysis and they were also specified
 in the pre-analysis plan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 The authors mention in the text that three fertilizers (DAP/NPK, Urea,
 and organic fertilizers) were recommended separately in the video.
 And yet, upon reporting the negative treatment effect on the first fertilizer
 type (DAP/NPK), they decide to create an index that takes non-adoption
 of DAP/NPK as a positive outcome and explains that there was an additional
 recommendation to promote balanced input usage.
 This seems inappropriate: one would expect that the promotion of balanced
 input usage would lead to an increased likelihood of adopting every input
 (perhaps at a lower quantity), rather than decreased adoption of one of
 the three recommended fertilizers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The reviewer is correct.
 We have removed this.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
6.
 It is unclear how the production index in Table 5 is constructed.
 The first two variables (maize production and maize area) generate maize
 yield (kg/acre).
 Similarly, labor productivity is a function of labor quantity.
 Therefore, it seems inappropriate to use all six variables to generate
 the index.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is also correct.
 We did not include maize productivity (production/area) nor labour productivity
 (production/time) because of the concerns raised by the reviewer.
 Unfortunately, we did not explain this in the manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we have now indicated between brackets which variables
 are included in the index.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 One important caveat of the analysis is that the outcomes are all self-reported.
 In particular, if the survey first asked questions about farming knowledge,
 the subsequent responses on farming practices may be subject to the survey
 demand effect.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Concerns related to self-reported outcomes and the danger of bias due to
 social desirability or experimenter demand effects have been mentioned
 by all reviewers (R1.6, R2.5,R4.7).
 We therefore added a separate section where we discuss why it is unlikely
 that our analysis is driven by social desirability bias.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we added the following sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimenter demand effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Experimenter demand effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
A key concern with this study is the use of self-reported survey data on
 key outcomes, as opposed to outcomes that are measured by a third party
 in a more objective way.
 Study participants may report what they feel is desired in that context
 (social desirability bias).
 In an RCT, social desirability bias becomes a concern if it is correlated
 to the treatment, which is sometimes referred to as experimenter demand
 effects 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "zizzo2010experimenter"

\end_inset

.
 While recent research suggests that experimenter demand effects may be
 less problematic than initially thought 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "de2018measuring,mummolo2019demand"

\end_inset

, we offer the following thoughts on why experimenter demand effects are
 unlikely to drive our results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
First, during the design of the endline questionnaire, we tried to minimize
 potential experimenter demand effects by careful formulation of the questions.
 Experimenter demand effects are more likely to be a concern for simple
 yes/no questions than for more open-ended questions.
 For instance, in our endline survey, we did not ask if farmers used 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of one seed per hill
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as recommended.
 Rather, we asked farmers to describe the planting process, and the enumerator
 was then required to select an appropriate response from a list of options
 that was not revealed to the farmer.
 For input adoption, we started from broad questions (e.g., whether fertilizer
 was used on a particular plot) and then asked farmers to provide further
 details (e.g., about fertilizer type, timing of application, quantities,
 and price), thereby allowing enumerators to detect inconsistencies that
 might signal experimenter demand effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Second, in our endline survey, not all outcomes are equally likely to be
 affected by experimenter demand effects.
 For instance, experimenter demand effects are probably less likely to be
 an issue for the multiple choice questions used to measure knowledge than
 for questions about implementation of recommended practices or the use
 of inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed.
 It is reassuring that there is consistency between effects found on questions
 that are more and less prone to experimenter demand effect.
 In other words, if we had found that our interventions did not result in
 a change in knowledge related to optimal plant spacing, yet farmers reported
 that they did apply optimal plant spacing on their plots, we would be more
 worried that the latter effect was driven by experimenter demand effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Interpretation and discussion 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, the discussion of the results warrants a more nuanced interpretation
 of the results.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.The authors equate insignificant results with no impact.
 However, the study sample may be too small to capture small effects on
 noisy agricultural outcomes.
 Given the observed variance of maize yield, what is the minimum detectable
 effect size? Is it possible that some of the analyses are underpowered?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
While we believe that the original design was generously powered (an elaborate
 series of power simulations based on real data can be found in the pre-analysis
 plan), we agree that low take-up may have attenuated the ITT effects for
 the incremental IVR and SMS treatments.
 We estimate Local Average Treatment Effects to account for partial compliance,
 but it is well known that the IV estimator loses power quickly even with
 moderate non-compliance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2007using"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We have added more discussion on this in a separate section where we discuss
 demand for IVR and Local Average Treatment Effects.
 The relevant section is as follows, with our reflection on power and correspond
ing MDEs in the footnotes:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Thus, even after accounting for noncompliance, we find that additional effects
 from the IVR treatment are limited, particularly when assessed with outcome
 indices.
 A possible reason why we fail to find significant effects that are consistent
 with the effects from the video for the additional treatment may be that
 the partial compliance greatly reduces the power of the design.
 Again, only 8.9 percent of households that were selected for the IVR treatment
 also actually called in from the phone number we recorded at baseline.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
A back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that the minimum detectable effect
 (MDE) size for maize yields in the original IVR design would be about 6.4
 percent.
 With only 8.9 percent compliance, the MDE increases to 71.6 percent.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
( 1.96+ 0.84)* sqrt(1/(0.6519039 *(1-0.6519039))) * sqrt((0.6596119)^2/3703)*1/.089
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 It is not surprising that the additional effects of IVR access is small
 given that < 10% of farmers called in.
 It is possible that this intervention was not well-designed: IVR is not
 a familiar technology among the study population.
 Access to the hotline service that requires self-navigation without an
 appropriate training on how to use it may have attenuated the impact in
 this particular study.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is a possible explanation, although we would not call this a poorly
 designed study per se.
 The idea was to test the incremental effectiveness of a particular IVR
 (as implemented by Viamo).
 This model assumes no training is needed, and our implementing partner
 for the IVR treatment (Viamo) has extensive experience in designing and
 implementing IVR services in developing countries without user training.
 Indeed, we were cautious about how to design the IVR approach in a manner
 that made practical sense, and were cognizant of the possibility that few
 farmers would call in.
 Indeed, many IVR services take low use rates as a given, but rely on the
 low cost of reaching large populations to make their service viable.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
In our context, the first time a farmer dials in, he/she gets information
 on how to use the system, and the underlying assumption is that this should
 be sufficient for a typical farmer to use the system.
 The messages are also designed by experts in ways that make it attractive
 and comprehensible to the average farmer.
 It may indeed be that different effects would have been found if a different
 version of an IVR would have been tested (eg.
 with dedicated training sessions).
 However, testing different versions of the IVR service was not the aim
 of this study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Changes made to the text.
 The following reflections are included in the conclusion:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

[...] it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
10.
 The authors can verify whether information obtained through the IVR increased
 improved seed adoption by analyzing the IVR content accessed by farmers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is a good suggestion, also noted by reviewer 2 (R2.4).
 We find that among farmers that called the IVR service and selected the
 seed topic, 38 percent report that they used hybrid seed.
 This is 35 percent among those that called but did not select this topic.
 However, the difference is not statistically significant.
 Furthermore, 27 percent farmers that called the IVR system and selected
 to get information on soil health report that they use DAP/NPK; this is
 one percentage point lower for farmers that did not listen to this topic.
 In addition, 11 percent of farmers that listened to the soil health messages
 report using urea.
 Here, 7.6 percent of farmers that did not listen to this message report
 using urea.
 Also, use rates of organic fertilizer are higher among those that selected
 the topic in the IVR.
 Also here, none of the differences are significant.
 This is likely due to the fact that very few people called the IVR system.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We added the following footnote to the finding
 that the IVR encouragement had an effect on hybrid seed use (effects are
 less convincing for fertilizer):
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Consistent with this interpretation, we find that among farmers that called
 the IVR service and selected the topic on seed selection, 38 percent reported
 that they used hybrid seed.
 This is only 35 percent among those that called but did not select this
 topic.
 However, the difference is not statistically significant.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
11.
 Similarly, the effects of SMS may depend on the message design.
 Were the SMS messages tested before the intervention to ensure that farmers
 comprehend them? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We refer to the answer above in 9.
 We agree that the effect of SMS messages may depend on message design,
 and that different effects may have been found with different messages.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Messages were not tested, but we would argue they were very easy to understand.
 The did not provide new information.
 A list of the messages was also included in a pdf document entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

, which was apparently not shared with the reviewers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Changes made to the text: We also added some language to the conclusion,
 similar as in our response to 9 above:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages may be too optimistic.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
12.
 Cost-effectiveness analysis would be useful here given that one of the
 rationales often given for ICT interventions is its scalability at low
 cost.
 The video intervention in this study was delivered in person, increasing
 the compliance but also the cost of delivery.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree that cost-effectiveness and scalability are big selling points
 for intervention such as the one being tested.
 This was also mentioned reviewer 4 (R4.1), and the absence of a discussion
 on cost-effectiveness was one of his/her first concerns.
 We thus added a section on cost-effectiveness that starts by calculating
 the expected change in profit for the average farmer due to the video intervent
ion (as we find limited effects of the other treatments).
 Estimation of cost-benefits at the farmer level are then used as input
 to assess the cost-effectiveness of the intervention.
 We indeed find that the cost of in person delivery is considerable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: The following was added in a section entitled
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Cost-effectiveness
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Cost-Effectiveness
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Cost-effectiveness and scalability are often major selling points for ICT-mediat
ed interventions such as ours.
 While we did not collect detailed information on prices paid for inputs
 or the cost of labor, we can use the estimates above together with aggregate
 price data and some reasonable assumptions to formulate cost and benefit
 calculations.
 We first check if the video intervention affected profitability of the
 average farmer and then compare the total cost of the intervention to the
 total benefit derived by the farmers in our study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In our sample, a bag of 100-kg of maize was sold at a median price of UGX
 60,000.
 With control household reporting yields of 430 kg per acre, the corresponding
 value per acre is UGX 258,000.
 In the sub-sample that received the video treatment, yields increased to
 475 kg per acre, corresponding to UGX 285,000.
 This means a difference in income of UGX 27,000 per acre, or about USD
 7.7.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
From this, we subtract the cost of inputs.
 In the intervention, we recommended two hybrid seed types, Longe 10H and
 UH5354 (commonly known as Bazooka).
 At the time of the experiment, Longe 10H sold for UGX 6,000 per kg, while
 Bazooka sold for UGX 8,500 per kg.
 However, our data show that the use of Bazooka was marginal and not correlated
 to the treatment.
 Thus, we only use the price of Longe 10H in the cost calculations.
 We further recommended two open-pollinated varieties, Longe 5 and Longe
 4, of which Longe 5 is the more common variety.
 Both types cost about UGX 3,000 per kg.
 A farmer needs about 8 kg of seed to plant one acre.
 Inorganic fertilizers are probably the largest expense.
 The retail price of urea was about UGX 2,500 per kg, while DAP cost UGX
 3,000 per kg.
 We recommended using 60 kg each of both DAP and urea per acre.
 We assume that organic fertilizer is free, but may increase labor costs
 (see below).
 The spacing and seed rate we recommended in the intervention is unlikely
 to increase the costs of seed.
 We recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per hill.
 Most farmers use 75cm x 60cm spacing with two seeds per hill, which requires
 the same amount of seed per unit of land.
 We thus simply multiply the cost of these inputs by the likelihood that
 they were applied in both control and treatment group (Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

) and subtract this from the income obtained from maize.
 Doing so actually increases the difference in income between treatment
 and control somewhat, as the likelihood that farmers use the more expensive
 fertilizer DAP reduces somewhat, while the likelihood that farmers use
 urea increases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Changes in the cost of labor are harder to value.
 Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 shows an increase in the practice of removing striga early on, which is
 likely to increase labor.
 The new spacing recommendation also means more hills are needed, which
 may also have an impact on labor, as does the increased use of organic
 fertilizer.
 At the same time, in our endline data, we do not find that the video treatment
 is significantly correlated to the time spent on preparing the land (which
 includes application of inorganic fertilizer), to time spent on weeding,
 or to the likelihood that labor is hired in.
 In addition, labor is relatively low in cost at UGX 6,000 per day.
 Valuing work related to organic fertilizer adoption at 3 days, the adoption
 of the new planting method at 2 days, and the work for weeding at 10 days
 (which is the time needed to weed one acre), the difference in profit between
 treatment and control reduces to UGX 22,464 or about USD 6.4.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
The entire intervention cost close to USD 37,000.
 Almost 40 percent of this was fixed costs such as the production of the
 video (USD 6,300) and the cost of procuring 20 tablets (together totaling
 USD 5,600).
 We also trained the enumerators at a total cost of USD 2,224.
 Variable costs are estimated to be about USD 5.54 for the two video screenings
 for an average farmer in the area.
 This includes time for the enumerator to show the video, time for enumerator
 supervision, car hire with driver, and fuel needed to reach the households.
 We thus find that the variable cost is lower than the expected return per
 farmer (which is USD 6.9 as the average farmer has a plot of 1.08 acres).
 Including the fixed cost implies that the video intervention would only
 break even at about 10,000 households.
 If the intervention were rolled out to all 360,000 households in the five
 districts where it was piloted, the internal rate of return would be about
 23 percent.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.912*360000/(14124 + 2*2.77*360000) 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
It may be possible to reduce variable costs considerably.
 The largest component of the variable cost was the cost of the person showing
 the videos to individual households.
 Currently, an extension worker with a bachelor's degree costs about the
 same as what we paid our enumerators (UGX 100,000 per day).
 One may argue that one does not need to have a university degree to show
 a video, in which case extension workers with only a diploma could be used
 at roughly UGX 77,000 per day.
 This would bring the variable cost down to about USD 2.36 for a single screening
 to the average farmer.
 Other cost savings may be obtained by showing videos to groups of farmers
 instead of individually, or direct streaming of videos to devices of farmers.
 However, this touches upon potentially important design features of the
 intervention than may alter outcomes, and as such requires additional testing.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
13.
 The current manuscript characterizes the three interventions as follows:
 (i) a video intervention is supply-driven and may be more appropriate in
 introducing a new technology but tends to be a one- off intervention, (ii)
 an IVR hotline is a demand-driven service, and (iii) SMS messages tend
 to be “too short to provide detailed information” but can be appropriately
 timed and hence could address behavioral constraints.
 It is plausible that the particular interventions evaluated in this study
 can be characterized as above.
 However, these technologies can be used to address various constraints
 in different settings, and the above assumptions may or may not apply to
 other settings.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
14.
 There are numerous assumptions here that may or may not be true.
 Videos are used by some organizations as a medium of information dissemination
 delivered at regular frequencies.
 As smartphone ownership increases, it will also become more accessible.
 Other organizations are delivering information on new technologies and
 agricultural practices via SMS messages.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
15.
 All of these points together highlight the importance of a more thoughtful
 discussion and the interpretation of the observed results.
 The conclusion of the current manuscript – that the video intervention
 improved knowledge, practices, and production, and other lighter-touch
 interventions had no additional effects – seems hasty.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We address these three related points together.
 They are similar to the first comment of reviewer 1 (R1.1), in that we may
 be misleading the reader by characterizing the interventions in a particular
 way.
 They also relate to comments 2, 3 and 10 made by reviewer 4 (4.2, R4.3, R4.10)
 who similarly notes that others are using SMS messages to provide new agricultu
ral extension successfully 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree that the components (video–IVR–SMS) are developed in a particular
 way, and that may differ from how the technologies can be used in other
 settings.
 However, the different components of the intervention, and the incremental
 way in which they were implemented in the experiment, are the result of
 careful analysis of the situation in Uganda (low levels of knowledge on
 modern input due to a near-defunct public extension system, various start-ups
 experimenting with demand-driven initiatives such as WeFarm, DrumNet, Viamo,...
 ), as well as state of the art in the literature (the aspirations literature
 and importance of role models, reminders as nudges, etc.).
 With these points in mind, we decided we needed to start from a general
 baseline intervention designed to make farmers aware of the most important
 new technologies and recommended practices.
 We hypothesized that the success of such messaging would depend partly
 on their provision in an appealing and accessible manner that was specifically
 tailored to less-educated farmers.
 Hence the idea to create a video.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
However, we also know from our contextual analysis that farmers who view
 a video at the beginning of the maize growing season tend to forget some
 of the details that are explained in the video (for instance the name of
 a particular maize hybrid, the exact quantity of a particular type of inorganic
 fertilizer, etc.).
 Therefore, we wanted to add an information source for farmers that is accessibl
e on demand.
 The idea that IVR is used to provide more precise information on a particular
 technology means that farmers already need to have an idea of the existence
 of the particular technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Finally, we learned from our contextual analysis and literature review that
 knowledge only is rarely enough to change behavior.
 Timely reminders have been shown to be very effective in overcoming inertia,
 procrastination, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset


\emph default
.

\emph on
 Recent research on agricultural extension also suggests behavioral change
 occurs through the compounding or re-emphasis of common knowledge that,
 through repetition, becomes more salient to the individual 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 Hence, we introduced the SMS treatment as a complement to the tailored
 informational treatment (video) and the detailed on-demand informational
 treatment (IVR).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the manuscript: We have removed the discussion on supply-
 versus demand-driven technologies from the introduction and motivation
 section.
 We now mention the demand- driven nature of the IVR treatment only in the
 context of the low take-up we observe, which in turn may explain the null
 results for the incremental IVR effect.
 We have rewritten the introduction to better reflect how the different
 component of the intervention are related to each other, and we now better
 explain the rationale for making it an incremental design.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

This article investigates the effectiveness of an ICT-mediated extension
 approach designed to provide information about improved maize cultivation
 practices to smallholder farmers in Uganda.
 The approach consists of three complementary information technologies,
 tested in an incremental design.
 First, we look at the effectiveness of short video messages that provide
 detailed information on how to improve maize cultivation and were shown
 to farmers on tablet computers.
 The strength of video is that it can combine audio and visual information
 in an attractive way that is accessible to the potentially illiterate farmer.
 However, video screenings can be a passive exercise for viewers, which
 may increase the likelihood that farmers will forget some of the details,
 particularly if the lag between screening and implementation is long.
 Second, to address this concern, we add an IVR service that provides a
 follow-up with the same information.
 With an IVR system, a farmer calls a phone number, navigates through a
 menu to select a topic, and then listens to a pre-recorded message with
 information on the selected topic.
 Third, we add SMS messages that remind farmers at specific points during
 the maize growing season about key recommendations on farming practices
 shown in the video and available on demand through the IVR system.
 Addition of the SMS reminders is motivated by the growing recognition that
 information alone is often insufficient to change behavior, but timely
 reminders have been found very effective in overcoming inertia, procrastination
, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset

, and repetition can make information more salient 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 The outcomes used to assess the effectiveness of this approach and its
 components include increases in knowledge about improved maize cultivation,
 changes in the use of improved inputs and recommended agronomic practices,
 and production-related changes.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Furthermore, we revisit the different characteristics of the components
 in the conclusion to explain heterogeneity in some of the findings.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It is less clear what we can learn from the null results for the additional
 treatments.
 In other studies, IVR or similar hotlines have been shown to have impact
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, and SMS messaging has similarly been shown to be successful in a variety
 of contexts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the lack of evidence of impact may be specific to the nature
 of the incremental design and results may be quite different in, for instance,
 a parallel design.
 But even in the narrow context of our experiment, where an effort was made
 to study particular characteristics of the interventions such as the demand-dri
ven nature of IVR or the ability of SMS to make information more salient,
 it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
 Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages.
 may be too optimistic.
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Other minor comments 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
16.
 Estimation method does not include fixed effects or clustering at the geographi
c level.
 Access to extension agents, inputs, and soil characteristics may vary significa
ntly across villages and parishes.
 It would seem appropriate to use fixed effects at the geographic level.
 Furthermore, farmers within a village would be more likely to share information
 or learn from each other than farmers across villages: clustering at the
 village level may be appropriate.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Our intervention is randomized at the individual level, and it is our understand
ing that in such cases, clustering is not needed.
 However, you are right to point out that particular design features of
 the study, such as the way the sample was drawn (two stage cluster sampling)
 and the randomization performed (blocking on village), would normally lead
 researchers to use fixed effects.
 Instead of using fixed effects (which is also not without problems, see
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "gibbons2018broken"

\end_inset

) or clustering, we use randomization inference throughout.
 The permutation algorithm that was developed for this paper mimics the
 design features of the study; one does not have to control for this ex-post.
 We refer to the eloquent description of randomization inference by Jed
 Friedman that makes this point
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
https://blogs.worldbank.org/impactevaluations/tools-of-the-trade-estimating-correc
t-standard-errors-in-small-sample-cluster-studies-another-take
\end_layout

\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Randomization inference (RI) switches the inferential basis of statistical
 testing from the standard thought experiment of (repeatedly) drawing samples
 of observations from a larger known population to a thought experiment
 where the population is fixed to what is observed in the data, but treatment
 assignation itself is imagined to be repeatedly sampled.
 In this approach, the treatment value is the only random variable in the
 data and randomization creates the reference distribution of test statistics.
 All observed outcomes and covariates are assumed fixed.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
17.
 Logarithmic calculation for production quantity: Is this not a natural
 log? ln(440) is not 5.814.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is the natural log.
 However, 440 is the average in levels: 
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\sum x}{n}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The 5.814 is the average *after* taking the log:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
\begin_inset Formula 
\begin{equation}
\frac{\sum ln(x)}{n}
\end{equation}

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
(which is different from taking the log of the average, which seems to be
 what the reviewer is hinting at).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
18.
 I suggest the authors to consider reorganizing the paper: Baseline characterist
ics and randomization balance can be part of the section on the experimental
 design rather than the section on results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This was also suggested by Reviewer 1 (R1.8).
 We have followed this suggestion and made changes accordingly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
19.
 The intervention evaluated in Cole & Fernando (2016) was not a demand-driven
 hotline service.
 They sent weekly voice calls with appropriately timed advice, in addition
 to a hotline service where farmers could call in and record questions.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The input is appreciated, and this is acknowledged in footnote 8.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
20.
 The sample size for the attrition table is so small that this analysis
 would be underpowered to detect any differential attrition.
 I would run a different analysis with a full sample regressing the indicator
 for completing the follow-up survey on treatment indicators, a vector of
 baseline characteristics, treatment indicators, and interactions between
 the two sets of variables.
 Joint significance across the interaction terms for each treatment indicator
 would provide a better sense on differential attrition.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The reviewer is right and we are grateful for this excellent suggestion,
 which we have incorporated in the manuscript (actually, it is now in the
 appendix, where we provide an extensive analysis if the likely consequences
 of attrition).
 In particular, a separate table with t-tests and F-tests was included,
 together with the following text.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset

 presents a summary of a series of tests used to investigate differential
 attrition.
 They are obtained from a series of regressions where an indicator of attrition
 is regressed upon treatment indicators and interactions with baseline character
istics.
 The first row examines differential attrition among treatment groups.
 The first column compares attrition between the control group and households
 that received the video intervention.
 A t-test shows no significant difference in attrition between these two
 groups.
 The second column compares households that (also) received the encouragement
 treatment to those that did not (the control group and the video-only group).
 Again, no significant differences are observed.
 We then compare attrition among the group that was allocated to the SMS
 treatment to those that were not, and again find no significant difference.
 In the final column, we implement a joint test of differential attrition
 across the treatment groups.
 We do so by running a regression of the attrition indicator on dummy variables
 for the three treatments and test if all estimated coefficients are jointly
 zero.
 An F-test shows we cannot reject the hypothesis of no differential attrition.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
We further investigate if attrition rates are correlated to baseline characteris
tics and whether this correlation differs by treatment group.
 Here, the base specification regresses an indicator of attrition on a treatment
 indicator, the baseline characteristic under consideration, and the interaction
 between the treatment indicator and the baseline characteristic.
 We then test if the interaction between treatment and baseline characteristic
 is significantly different from zero using a t-test.
 For instance, in the first column of the second row, we do not find that
 attrition rates are related to baseline yields among households that received
 the video intervention.
 In the second column of the second row, we also confirm that attrition
 rates are unrelated to baseline yields among households that received the
 IVR encouragement.
 The third column implements a similar test for the SMS subgroup.
 Finally, in the last column, we test if coefficients on yield interacted
 with all treatment dummies is jointly different from zero using an F-test.
 Also here, balance cannot be rejected.
 These series of tests are repeated for each of the baseline characteristics
 that were included in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Balance"

\end_inset

.
 In the bottom rows of Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset

, results for joint tests for all the baseline characteristics and the interacti
on with the video dummy (column 1), with the IVR dummy (column 2), with
 the SMS dummy (column 3), and with all three treatment dummies jointly
 (column 4) are reported.
 Overall, we find that attrition is unrelated to the treatment and also
 unrelated to baseline characteristics, except perhaps for having received
 extension at baseline.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
R 4 - Review of “Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) to Provide
 Agricultural Advice to Smallholder Farmers: Experimental Evidence From
 Uganda” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper reports the results of a randomized control trial carried out
 in Uganda, evaluating the effectiveness of delivering agricultural messages
 through agricultural extension videos, coupled with SMS and IVR, on farmers’
 knowledge, agricultural practices, and yields.
 Relative to a counterfactual group the authors find increases in knowledge
 and increases in (self-reported) recommended practices and inputs and a
 ten percent increase in yields.
 The authors do not find evidence to suggest that adding SMS or IVR messages
 on top of the videos changed outcomes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This paper describes a clean RCT carried out with a representative sample
 of almost 4,000 farmers in Uganda.
 The results provide evidence that informational frictions can limit farmer
 adoption of inputs and show the causal effects of information bundles,
 delivered through different ICTs on farmer behavior.
 The paper is clear, but I think it could be more precise about what the
 interventions are and what we can learn about them.
 Below, I list a number of issues which I think need to be addressed.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Main Comments: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 You motivate the study by saying that one of the advantages of using ICTs
 over traditional extension methods is that ICTs can be cost-effective and
 scalable.
 However, it is not immediately clear how cost-effective/scalable your video
 intervention is if it depends on field officers/extension agents visiting
 farmers.
 If the argument is that this is an evaluation of a policy-relevant approach,
 then this requires a more thorough discussion on the pros/cons of this
 technology and how relevant it is as a policy option.
 A cost-effectiveness analysis would also be important.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree that cost-effectiveness and scalability are big selling points
 for intervention such as the one being tested.
 This is also mentioned by reviewer 3 who notes that showing videos to individua
l farmers can be costly (R3.12).
 In addition, this comment is related to the second remark of the first
 reviewer (R1.2) who wanted to know how the intervention affects the profitabilit
y of maize cultivation.
 We thus added a section on cost-effectiveness that starts by calculating
 the expected change in profit for the average farmer due to the video intervent
ion (as we find limited effects of the IVR and SMS treatments).
 Estimation of costs and benefits at the farmer level are then used as input
 to assess the cost-effectiveness of the intervention.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: The following was added in a section entitled
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Cost-effectiveness
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Cost-Effectiveness
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Cost-effectiveness and scalability are often major selling points for ICT-mediat
ed interventions such as ours.
 While we did not collect detailed information on prices paid for inputs
 or the cost of labor, we can use the estimates above together with aggregate
 price data and some reasonable assumptions to formulate cost and benefit
 calculations.
 We first check if the video intervention affected profitability of the
 average farmer and then compare the total cost of the intervention to the
 total benefit derived by the farmers in our study.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In our sample, a bag of 100-kg of maize was sold at a median price of UGX
 60,000.
 With control household reporting yields of 430 kg per acre, the corresponding
 value per acre is UGX 258,000.
 In the sub-sample that received the video treatment, yields increased to
 475 kg per acre, corresponding to UGX 285,000.
 This means a difference in income of UGX 27,000 per acre, or about USD
 7.7.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
From this, we subtract the cost of inputs.
 In the intervention, we recommended two hybrid seed types, Longe 10H and
 UH5354 (commonly known as Bazooka).
 At the time of the experiment, Longe 10H sold for UGX 6,000 per kg, while
 Bazooka sold for UGX 8,500 per kg.
 However, our data show that the use of Bazooka was marginal and not correlated
 to the treatment.
 Thus, we only use the price of Longe 10H in the cost calculations.
 We further recommended two open-pollinated varieties, Longe 5 and Longe
 4, of which Longe 5 is the more common variety.
 Both types cost about UGX 3,000 per kg.
 A farmer needs about 8 kg of seed to plant one acre.
 Inorganic fertilizers are probably the largest expense.
 The retail price of urea was about UGX 2,500 per kg, while DAP cost UGX
 3,000 per kg.
 We recommended using 60 kg each of both DAP and urea per acre.
 We assume that organic fertilizer is free, but may increase labor costs
 (see below).
 The spacing and seed rate we recommended in the intervention is unlikely
 to increase the costs of seed.
 We recommended a spacing of 75cm x 30cm with one seed per hill.
 Most farmers use 75cm x 60cm spacing with two seeds per hill, which requires
 the same amount of seed per unit of land.
 We thus simply multiply the cost of these inputs by the likelihood that
 they were applied in both control and treatment group (Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

) and subtract this from the income obtained from maize.
 Doing so actually increases the difference in income between treatment
 and control somewhat, as the likelihood that farmers use the more expensive
 fertilizer DAP reduces somewhat, while the likelihood that farmers use
 urea increases.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Changes in the cost of labor are harder to value.
 Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset

 shows an increase in the practice of removing striga early on, which is
 likely to increase labor.
 The new spacing recommendation also means more hills are needed, which
 may also have an impact on labor, as does the increased use of organic
 fertilizer.
 At the same time, in our endline data, we do not find that the video treatment
 is significantly correlated to the time spent on preparing the land (which
 includes application of inorganic fertilizer), to time spent on weeding,
 or to the likelihood that labor is hired in.
 In addition, labor is relatively low in cost at UGX 6,000 per day.
 Valuing work related to organic fertilizer adoption at 3 days, the adoption
 of the new planting method at 2 days, and the work for weeding at 10 days
 (which is the time needed to weed one acre), the difference in profit between
 treatment and control reduces to UGX 22,464 or about USD 6.4.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
The entire intervention cost close to USD 37,000.
 Almost 40 percent of this was fixed costs such as the production of the
 video (USD 6,300) and the cost of procuring 20 tablets (together totaling
 USD 5,600).
 We also trained the enumerators at a total cost of USD 2,224.
 Variable costs are estimated to be about USD 5.54 for the two video screenings
 for an average farmer in the area.
 This includes time for the enumerator to show the video, time for enumerator
 supervision, car hire with driver, and fuel needed to reach the households.
 We thus find that the variable cost is lower than the expected return per
 farmer (which is USD 6.9 as the average farmer has a plot of 1.08 acres).
 Including the fixed cost implies that the video intervention would only
 break even at about 10,000 households.
 If the intervention were rolled out to all 360,000 households in the five
 districts where it was piloted, the internal rate of return would be about
 23 percent.
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
6.912*360000/(14124 + 2*2.77*360000) 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
It may be possible to reduce variable costs considerably.
 The largest component of the variable cost was the cost of the person showing
 the videos to individual households.
 Currently, an extension worker with a bachelor's degree costs about the
 same as what we paid our enumerators (UGX 100,000 per day).
 One may argue that one does not need to have a university degree to show
 a video, in which case extension workers with only a diploma could be used
 at roughly UGX 77,000 per day.
 This would bring the variable cost down to about USD 2.36 for a single screening
 to the average farmer.
 Other cost savings may be obtained by showing videos to groups of farmers
 instead of individually, or direct streaming of videos to devices of farmers.
 However, this touches upon potentially important design features of the
 intervention than may alter outcomes, and as such requires additional testing.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.
 You should explain in more detail why studying the additional value of
 IVR and SMS over videos is relevant in the context of your actual experiment.
 Policy-wise, it might have been more natural to test each technology separately
 or to start with the cheapest technology and then add the other ones.
 You argue that with this design you might address other constraints that
 could be better addressed through SMS and IVR (e.g.
 need for reminders, or continuous access to information during shocks).
 However, you need to convince us that these additional services were not
 just offering the same information that farmers already had but that they
 were actually addressing these other constraints you discuss.
 For example, I worry that the two SMS examples you provide sound more like
 general information rather than the types of reminder/nudges that you describe
 in your introduction (e.g.
 “weed your maize”).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Overall, I suggest you tie your conceptual description of the rationale
 for these interventions with the description of the actual features of
 your intervention more closely.
 Otherwise, it is difficult to learn anything from the null effects of these
 other technologies (e.g.
 were the hypothesized constraints not binding? was the information provided
 not targeting those constraints? would we have expected effects had farmers
 suffered a shock? Or over additional seasons? etc.) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree that the manuscript did not clearly explain the rationale behind
 the particular intervention, raising questions about why we test this in
 an incremental way and why we start with what is probably the most expensive
 component of the three.
 However, the different components of the intervention, and the incremental
 way in which they were implemented in the experiment, are the result of
 careful analysis of the situation in Uganda (low levels of knowledge on
 modern input due to a near-defunct public extension system, various start-ups
 experimenting with demand-driven initiatives such as WeFarm, DrumNet, Viamo,
 etc.) as well as state of the art in the literature (the aspirations literature
 and importance of role models, reminders as nudges, etc.).
 With these points in mind, we decided we needed to start from a general
 baseline intervention designed to make farmers aware of the most important
 new technologies and recommended practices.
 We hypothesized that the success of such messaging would depend partly
 on their provision in an appealing and accessible manner that was specifically
 tailored to less-educated farmers.
 Hence the idea to create a video.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
However, we also know from our contextual analysis that farmers who view
 a video at the beginning of the maize growing season tend to forget some
 of the details that are explained in the video (for instance the name of
 a particular maize hybrid, the exact quantity of a particular type of inorganic
 fertilizer, etc.).
 Therefore, we wanted to add an information source for farmers that is accessibl
e on demand.
 The idea that IVR is used to provide more precise information on a particular
 technology means that farmers already need to have an idea of the existence
 of the particular technology.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Finally, we learned from our contextual analysis and literature review that
 knowledge only is rarely enough to change behavior.
 Timely reminders have been shown to be very effective in overcoming inertia,
 procrastination, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset


\emph default
.

\emph on
 Recent research on agricultural extension also suggests behavioral change
 occurs through the compounding or re-emphasis of common knowledge that,
 through repetition, becomes more salient to the individual 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 Hence, we introduced the SMS treatment as a complement to the tailored
 informational treatment (video) and the detailed on-demand informational
 treatment (IVR).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the manuscript: We have removed the discussion on supply-
 versus demand-driven technologies from the introduction and motivation
 section.
 We now mention the demand- driven nature of the IVR treatment only in the
 context of the low take-up we observe, which in turn may explain the null
 results for the incremental IVR effect.
 We have rewritten the introduction to better reflect how the different
 component of the intervention are related to each other, and we now better
 explain the rationale for making it an incremental design.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

This article investigates the effectiveness of an ICT-mediated extension
 approach designed to provide information about improved maize cultivation
 practices to smallholder farmers in Uganda.
 The approach consists of three complementary information technologies,
 tested in an incremental design.
 First, we look at the effectiveness of short video messages that provide
 detailed information on how to improve maize cultivation and were shown
 to farmers on tablet computers.
 The strength of video is that it can combine audio and visual information
 in an attractive way that is accessible to the potentially illiterate farmer.
 However, video screenings can be a passive exercise for viewers, which
 may increase the likelihood that farmers will forget some of the details,
 particularly if the lag between screening and implementation is long.
 Second, to address this concern, we add an IVR service that provides a
 follow-up with the same information.
 With an IVR system, a farmer calls a phone number, navigates through a
 menu to select a topic, and then listens to a pre-recorded message with
 information on the selected topic.
 Third, we add SMS messages that remind farmers at specific points during
 the maize growing season about key recommendations on farming practices
 shown in the video and available on demand through the IVR system.
 Addition of the SMS reminders is motivated by the growing recognition that
 information alone is often insufficient to change behavior, but timely
 reminders have been found very effective in overcoming inertia, procrastination
, competing obligations, or simple forgetfulness 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "Sunstein2014"

\end_inset

, and repetition can make information more salient 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2014diffusion"

\end_inset

.
 The outcomes used to assess the effectiveness of this approach and its
 components include increases in knowledge about improved maize cultivation,
 changes in the use of improved inputs and recommended agronomic practices,
 and production-related changes.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Furthermore, we revisit the different characteristics of the components
 in the conclusion to explain heterogeneity in some of the findings.
 Specifically, we have included the following language:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It is less clear what we can learn from the null results for the additional
 treatments.
 In other studies, IVR or similar hotlines have been shown to have impact
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, and SMS messaging has similarly been shown to be successful in a variety
 of contexts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the lack of evidence of impact may be specific to the nature
 of the incremental design and results may be quite different in, for instance,
 a parallel design.
 But even in the narrow context of our experiment, where an effort was made
 to study particular characteristics of the interventions such as the demand-dri
ven nature of IVR or the ability of SMS to make information more salient,
 it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
 Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages.
 may be too optimistic.
\emph default

\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 Relatedly, the paper emphasizes the different technologies used to deliver
 information (SMS, IVR and videos).
 If the claim is that they are serving different needs, then you need to
 emphasize how the interventions differed from each other beyond the ICTs
 used to deliver them.
 In particular, you should spend more time discussing the differences in
 content and how these interventions were implemented.
 For example, a big difference between interventions is that for the videos
 all the farmers were individually visited at home whereas IVR was offered
 through an encouragement design.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We appreciate this comment.
 Now that we have improved the explanation of the rationale behind the intervent
ion, the concern raised here should be addressed.
 We tried as much as possible to keep the content fixed: only the delivery
 of the content was varied.
 In the video intervention, a model farmer explained in an attractive way
 what was needed to become a successful maize farmer.
 The same information could be obtained by dialing into the IVR.
 The SMS messages similarly reinforced the same information, did not provide
 new information, and covered all of the important technologies or practices
 that were also featured in the video and IVR.
 In other words, we tried as much as possible to keep content fixed to rule
 out that any additional effect could be attributed to the content.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We do not think there is a substantial difference between the video and
 IVR in that in the former, farmers were visited at home and the latter
 consisted of an encouragement.
 The encouragement was also administered at the household level (at the
 same time as the video was shown).
 It is true that video is supply-driven and IVR is demand-driven, but we
 have removed this distinction as a key motivation underlying our study
 in response to several reviewer comments.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In general, you should provide a more thorough description detailing what
 exactly was the information delivered (e.g.
 how specific/broad was the advice? was the same advice given to all farmers?
 what were all reminders about?), and how were these services implemented
 (e.g.
 who visited the farmers? what were the protocols to invite farmers? could
 farmers opt-out?).
 You should also be more concrete about how the information that was offered
 relates to the behaviors that were measured (i.e.
 which inputs you did or did not recommend?) 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The information provided was rather specific.
 For instance, in the video we show in detail how land should be prepared
 using organic fertilizer, how to plant in rows with optimal spacing, when
 to plant and when to weed.
 A lot of attention is devoted to identifying striga early on and farmers
 are encouraged to remove it early to avoid the weed from affecting the
 maize.
 In terms of inputs, we promote the use of improved seed.
 We recommend using hybrids, and if that is too expensive, at least go for
 open pollinated varieties.
 We even go as far as recommending two particular types of each (Longe 10H
 and Bazooka for hybrids, Longe 5 and Longe 4 for OPVs).
 For inorganic fertilizers, we recommend basal application of DAP or NPK
 at planting and top dressing of Urea during the growing stage.
 For all inputs, optimal quantities and proper application methods are shown.
 The video also recommends a commercial approach to farmers: We point out
 how investing now can make a farmer grow over time and that it is often
 better to start small using all the inputs and practices combined than
 only using eg good seed on the entire plot, but no fertilizer.
 The info provided through the IVR is as similar as possible .
 For instance, also here the same seeds and fertilizer were named, and the
 same quantities recommended and application methods explained.
 In general, there was a very close correspondence between what we recommend
 and the outcomes that were used to assess the impact of the intervention.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The videos will be made available on a publicly accessible repository such
 as YouTube and referenced in the final version of the paper.
 In fact, when we submitted this manuscript, we also submitted a pdf document
 entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 This document contains materials we would have liked to make available
 in online appendices.
 It included the script for the video (scene by scene), a transcript of
 the content of the IVR system (in English, although the farmers also had
 access to this information in Lusgoga), the content of the 8 SMS messages,
 both in Lusoga and in English, and a copy of the flyer used to invite household
s to the IVR system.
 It is unclear if this additional information was also made available to
 the reviewers.
 We think that all this additional information should make it possible to
 get a good idea of what the interventions look like.
 A detailed description within the paper would make the paper too long.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
4.
 There is not much information on whether we would have expected the advice
 to be profitable for farmers.
 You also mention that some of the advice was ‘controversial’.
 This requires a longer discussion on the rationale for the advice and/or
 some acknowledgment that it is not clear what the ‘correct’ advice is.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Please refer to your first comment.
 As part of the cost-effectiveness assessment, we also assess whether the
 recommendations we make would be profitable for farmers.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Controversial may be the wrong wording.
 It is just a new way of spacing that deviates from what farmers have been
 doing for centuries and what most extension workers are teaching (and also
 what is indicated on the bags of seed).
 So it may be controversial from the point of view of the farmer; It is
 not controversial in that it may not be correct.
 It is a better way of spacing (resulting in higher yields) and it is the
 official recommendation for all future agricultural extension information
 dissemination in Uganda.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: We refer the reviewer to the added section on
 cost-effectiveness.
 Further, we avoid the word controversial to avoid confusion.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
5.
 In the adoption tables, you code effects on opposite directions as ‘correct’
 when you construct your indexes.
 This seems arbitrary.
 For instance, you claim that “one can argue that DAP/NPK is higher than
 optimal and urea is lower than optimal” and therefore interpret the positive/ne
gative direction of the effects as following the advice.
 You do a similar thing for the negative effect on organic fertilizers for
 the IVR arm.
 You should be more transparent on what was the recommendation and what
 was the hypothesized direction of the effects ex-ante.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
This is also related to the comment made by Reviewer 3 (R3.5).
 We agree that this was arbitrary (and definitely not in our pre-analysis
 plan).
 We removed these parts from our analysis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
6.
 Since the randomization was carried out at the household level and there
 might be frictions in the diffusion of information within the household
 it would be helpful if you could explain in detail the rationale for a
 household level intervention.
 I would also like to see a more detailed discussion of attrition in the
 study (for instance, how do you code households in which you could not
 find the person who was treated?).
 A discussion on how close the answers between household members are would
 be useful.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
As mentioned in footnote 1 in the manuscript, this study was part of a larger
 study that introduced other factors to the design in order to (separately)
 study gender-related issues in agricultural extension.
 One of these research topics was related to the study of frictions in the
 diffusion of information within the household.
 In particular, the screening of the video itself was also randomized into
 three 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

treatment arms
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 (see also your previous comment).
 In 1/3 of households that were allocated to the video treatment, the man
 alone in the household was shown the video.
 In another 1/3, the video was shown to the woman alone within the household.In
 the final 1/3, the video was shown to the couple (man+woman) together.
 In a different paper, we plan to use this part of the field experiment
 to learn about information flows within the household.
 While the research hypotheses related to these intra-household information
 transfer inefficiencies were conceptualized and implemented at the individual
 level, the research hypotheses related to the delivery mode (video, video+IVR,v
ideo+IVR+SMS) was conceptualized and implemented at the household level
 (and dummies for orthogonal factors in the design are included in all regressio
ns).
 For more information about the design of the entire project and how the
 different factors were integrated into a 3 by 3 full factorial design,
 we refer readers to the pre-analysis plan.
 We feel an elaborate explanation of these design specificities in the paper
 may lead to confusion.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
With respect to attrition, during endline, we interviewed men and women
 separately.
 While general attrition was unavoidable, we tried to make sure this attrition
 was not due to eg systematic missing of women within households.
 We have also added a separate section in the appendix that tests differential
 attrition and also calculates manski bounds.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Answers of both spouses were used to construct household-level outcomes.
 For continuous variables, generally, a simple average was taken between
 the two members.
 For binary outcomes, such as whether the household gained knowledge on
 a particular topic, we assumed the household learned if at least one member
 indicated the correct answer.
 For adoption of a particular practice of input, we indicate that the household
 adopts if at least one household member reports adopting on at least one
 plot (consistent with how it is done in 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "10.1093/qje/qjx009"

\end_inset

).
 While it is indeed interesting to look at differences in reporting between
 spouses, this is more related to the research hypotheses that were conceptualiz
ed at the individual level and will be discussed in the paper focusing on
 these.
 We feel this topic goes beyond the scope of the current paper.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
7.
 A potential issue with projects that use self-reported data following an
 intervention is that the answers might be prone to social desirability
 bias.
 I would like to know how much of a problem this might be in this context.
 Were the same field officers providing the intervention and collecting
 the data? Were there any backchecks that you could use to compare discrepancy
 between answers? Additionally, can you report how robust are the yield
 results to outliers, etc?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Concerns related to self-reported outcomes and the danger of bias due to
 social desirability or experimenter demand effects have been mentioned
 by all reviewers (R1.6, R2.5,R3.7).
 We therefore added a separate section where we discuss why it is unlikely
 that our analysis is driven by social desirability bias.
 As for robustness to outliers, all continuous outcomes were trimmed at
 5 percent, as was specified in the pre-analysis plan.
 Trimming at 10 percent did not change results (see also comment 13 below).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we added the following sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Experimenter demand effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section on 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Experimenter demand effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
A key concern with this study is the use of self-reported survey data on
 key outcomes, as opposed to outcomes that are measured by a third party
 in a more objective way.
 Study participants may report what they feel is desired in that context
 (social desirability bias).
 In an RCT, social desirability bias becomes a concern if it is correlated
 to the treatment, which is sometimes referred to as experimenter demand
 effects 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "zizzo2010experimenter"

\end_inset

.
 While recent research suggests that experimenter demand effects may be
 less problematic than initially thought 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "de2018measuring,mummolo2019demand"

\end_inset

, we offer the following thoughts on why experimenter demand effects are
 unlikely to drive our results.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
First, during the design of the endline questionnaire, we tried to minimize
 potential experimenter demand effects by careful formulation of the questions.
 Experimenter demand effects are more likely to be a concern for simple
 yes/no questions than for more open-ended questions.
 For instance, in our endline survey, we did not ask if farmers used 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

plant spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate of one seed per hill
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 as recommended.
 Rather, we asked farmers to describe the planting process, and the enumerator
 was then required to select an appropriate response from a list of options
 that was not revealed to the farmer.
 For input adoption, we started from broad questions (e.g., whether fertilizer
 was used on a particular plot) and then asked farmers to provide further
 details (e.g., about fertilizer type, timing of application, quantities,
 and price), thereby allowing enumerators to detect inconsistencies that
 might signal experimenter demand effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Second, in our endline survey, not all outcomes are equally likely to be
 affected by experimenter demand effects.
 For instance, experimenter demand effects are probably less likely to be
 an issue for the multiple choice questions used to measure knowledge than
 for questions about implementation of recommended practices or the use
 of inputs such as inorganic fertilizer or improved seed.
 It is reassuring that there is consistency between effects found on questions
 that are more and less prone to experimenter demand effect.
 In other words, if we had found that our interventions did not result in
 a change in knowledge related to optimal plant spacing, yet farmers reported
 that they did apply optimal plant spacing on their plots, we would be more
 worried that the latter effect was driven by experimenter demand effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Third, as we will report in the next section, fertilizer adoption, an outcome
 prone to experimenter demand effects, seemed to increase particularly for
 treated households that live close to an agro-input dealer.
 This finding reduces the possibility that results are driven by misreporting
 related to experimenter demand effects, as this would mean that households
 that have better access to improved inputs strategically decided to report
 their answers differently than households that have less access to inputs.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
8.
 I would have liked to see some heterogeneity tests on education (and potentiall
y other characteristics) to assess your argument that videos might be more
 effective for certain subpopulations (e.g.
 illiterate, etc).
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We added a sub-section entitled 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Heterogeneous treatment effects
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 in the section 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 where we highlight some of the more striking conclusions from a thorough
 exploration of heterogeneity in treatment effects:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Heterogeneous treatment effects
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In this section, we explore potential heterogeneity in the treatment effects.
 We do this by running the regression model (1) again, but only for a particular
 group of farmers as determined by their baseline characteristics.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
First, we test if treatment effects differ with the education levels of
 farmers.
 We mentioned in the introduction that video may be particularly effective
 in transferring information to less-educated or illiterate farmer.
 We estimate equation (1), but only for the subset of farmers who did not
 finish primary schooling, which is about 65 percent of farmers in our sample.
 In Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:cate_know"

\end_inset

, which corresponds to Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 for the full sample, we report larger outcomes among less-educated farmers
 from the video intervention for knowledge about optimal spacing and seed
 rate, and to a lesser extent about the benefits of combining inputs.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Next, we examine how treatment effects vary with distance to an agro-input
 dealer.
 We consider this source of heterogeneity because even with information
 on a particular input's existence, use, or benefits, it is possible that
 adoption may still be constrained by access or affordability.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:cate_tech"

\end_inset

 shows estimations similar to those reported in Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset

, but only for the subset of farmers who live relatively close to an agro-input
 dealer.
 We define this proximity as residing within a 5 km radius of a dealer,
 a threshold that captures about two thirds of farmers in our sample.
 We find that the treatment effect of the video intervention on the likelihood
 that farmers report using urea increases by 2.1 percentage points, while
 the effect for organic fertilizer use remains similar to that obtained
 for the full sample.
 We also find that the treatment effect of the IVR encouragement on hybrid
 seed use increases by 1.4 percentage points.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

, we already examined the narrowing effect of the IVR encouragement on farmers
 who actually called in.
 However, when also considering the additional SMS treatment, one might
 expect to see an effect only for households that have a mobile phone.
 Averaging outcomes over all households may dilute the treatment effect,
 making it more difficult to detect a significant difference between the
 treatment group and control group.
 We thus estimate equation (1) again, but only for the subset of households
 that reported owning a mobile phone.
 Results from this estimation do not suggest anything different from the
 findings reported in the previous section.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Minor comments: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
9.
 At some points in the paper, the way you phrase the interventions creates
 the illusion that you are running a horse-race between IVR, SMS and videos.
 For instance, your title and abstract mention “ICT to provide agricultural
 advice”.
 However, the IVR arm only gave farmers access to information and the SMS
 was (at least conceptually) meant to serve as reminders not as information
 provision.
 At another point you say “IVR did not have a strong influence on the modern
 use of inputs or management practices”.
 This should read “additional advice through IVR.” 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thanks for this advice.
 We have rewritten the manuscript to make it clear that we are looking at
 incremental impacts and not conducting a horse race.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
10.
 I disagree with your statement that “SMS cannot be used to provide new
 and complex information” and that it is “likely to work through behavioral
 channels”.
 Some of the papers you cite use SMS to provide agricultural information.
 Several companies/NGOs around the world also use SMS to provide agricultural
 advice.
 You probably might want to qualify this claim a bit more.
 Also, see work by Fabregas et al (2018) on use of SMS for farmer advice.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thank you for pointing out the interesting work by 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 This was not yet publicly available at the time we prepared this manuscript.
 We have rewritten the manuscript and removed such strong claims up front.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
In the conclusion, we now also make more careful claims about what IVR and
 SMS can and can not do.
 More in particular, we point out particularities of our interventions (eg
 we do not provide information with IVR or SMS that was not provided in
 the video) and how this may differ from how others use this technology
 (and hence arrive at different conclusions).
 We also note that the null results need to be interpreted with caution
 in the light of the low take-up and issues with our measure of compliance.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Changes made to the manuscript: The following has been added to the conclusion:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

It is less clear what we can learn from the null results for the additional
 treatments.
 In other studies, IVR or similar hotlines have been shown to have impact
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

, and SMS messaging has similarly been shown to be successful in a variety
 of contexts 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
before "eg."
key "New1"

\end_inset

.
 Therefore, the lack of evidence of impact may be specific to the nature
 of the incremental design and results may be quite different in, for instance,
 a parallel design.
 But even in the narrow context of our experiment, where an effort was made
 to study particular characteristics of the interventions such as the demand-dri
ven nature of IVR or the ability of SMS to make information more salient,
 it is not clear if the lack of impact should be interpreted as significant
 for future work on this topic in either the same or other contexts or designs.
 For instance, in sub-section 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset

 we argue that the low take-up of the IVR—a common characteristic of most
 commercial IVR services, for which low take-up is offset by the low cost
 of reaching large populations—is likely to reduce statistical power to
 such extent that any reasonable effect cannot be detected.
 It is possible that additional promotion of the IVR service or training
 of farmers on how to use the IVR service could have generated a positive
 effect, although it is also possible that additional promotion would have
 defeated the low-cost nature of the IVR system itself.
 Similarly, with respect to the SMS messaging, it is possible that a more
 comprehensive design might have generated measurable effects if we sampled
 only from the population of farmers who owned a mobile phone and actively
 used it.
 Even then, the assumption that everyone with a mobile phone also reads,
 internalizes, and acts upon the messages may be too optimistic.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In summary, we do not think that extension approaches relying on IVR or
 SMS should be dismissed solely on the basis of this study.
 Rather, we encourage continued empirical study of the role that ICTs can
 play in increasing the effectiveness and decreasing the costs of information
 delivery to small-scale farmers, the effects that alternative design features
 have on behavioral dimensions of technical change, and the relevance of
 ICT-enabled approaches to agricultural extension systems and rural advisory
 services.
 Most importantly, we encourage replication of similar studies—alongside
 variations in the choice of ICTs and the experimental designs in which
 they are introduced to farmers—across multiple agroecological, social,
 and economic contexts.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
11.
 The literature you cite needs a bit of an update.
 The most recent version of the Cole and Fernando (2017) paper finds that
 the effects on yields are too noisy to conclude whether there were effects
 in yields.
 The Casaburi et al (2014) paper find effects in one season but not in a
 second season.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
I do not find the Cole and Fernando 2017 paper.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Thanks for highlighting this.
 We have made sure that we refer to and cite from the most recent publicly
 available evidence.
 Yet it should be noted that these are ongoing studies and we could not
 find the Cole and Fernando 2017 version of the paper you refer to.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
12.
 Could you clarify whether the knowledge questions were framed as (i) what
 farmers thought was correct (which might have been different from what
 the video showed) or (ii) what farmers remembered what the video said?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The outcome that is used in the paper is what farmers thought was correct,
 and hence this was how it was framed.
 We framed the question this way as this seemed to be the most interesting
 question.
 The eventual aim of interventions like this is to change behavior, not
 merely increasing knowledge.
 Therefore, the interesting outcome to measure is a change in what farmers
 think is correct.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we have explicitly added that we ask for the opinion
 of the farmer, which may be different from what the farmer recalls from
 the video: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

For each question, three possible answers were read out to the respondent,
 who was then asked to indicate which answer he or she thought was correct
 (which may differ from what he or she recalled from the video).
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
13.
 I think it is very interesting that you see a reduction of land cultivated.
 This seems to be in line with the intervention that told farmers to intensively
 combine inputs in smaller parts of their land.
 You should show us that these effects are not driven by outliers or clear
 misreports in the land size measure.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We do not think our results are driven by outliers.
 As is specified in our pre-analysis plan, we conduct analysis on 5 percent
 trimmed values of continuous variables.
 The pre-analysis plan also states that trimming is always done on the end
 result just before the analysis.
 For instance for area, we first take the logarithm and then trim.
 For yield, we first divide production by area, then take the logarithm
 and then trim.
 Trimming at 10 percent leads to the same results.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
14.
 For the yield index, you double count the effect of land size by including
 it by itself and as a ratio.
 Can you show with only one? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We did not include maize productivity (production/area) nor labour productivity
 (production/time) because of the concerns raised by the reviewer, but we
 forgot to mention this in the manuscript.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: we have now indicated in brackets which variables
 are included in the index.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
15.
 I suggest you move the discussion of spillovers to the main body of the
 paper rather than having it as the last paragraph in the conclusion.
 You want to show us or at least discuss that these potential spillover
 effects are not big enough that we are not learning anything from the null
 effects.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We have removed the discussion related to spillover effects from the conclusion.
 Even though we agree that also for the video intervention spillover effects
 may lead to an increase in (positive) outcomes in the control and as such
 make it more difficult to identify significant effects that may be present,
 we do not discuss the issue there as we find significant effects regardless.
 However, in the section that presents the LATE effects, we do reflect on
 the likelihood that spillovers are responsible for the null effects of
 the additional treatments.
 We conclude that it is unlikely that spillovers are responsible for the
 null effects.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
16.
 You mention that you carry out LATE estimations but that those results
 are only available upon request.
 I would like to see those in an online appendix that could be easily accessible
 for the reader.
 Same for the pre-analysis plan you refer to.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
When we submitted this manuscript, we also submitted a pdf document entitled
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

additional_info.pdf
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 This document contained all of the materials we would like to make available
 in the online appendices.
 It included the 2SLS (LATE) regressions, and an anonymized version of the
 pre-analysis plan (among others).
 It seems that these materials were not provided to the reviewers, so we
 will ask the editor to make those available to you.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We now include the LATE effects in the paper in a separate section of the
 paper, as the some of the other reviewers indicated it would be interesting
 to see them.
 Here is the relevant section:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset


\series bold
Demand for IVR and local average treatment effects
\series default

\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "subsec:Demand-for-IVR,"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
In an encouragement design such as the IVR treatment, households self-select
 into the treatment.
 Based on the call log generated by the IVR system, we find that only a
 small number of households that were encouraged to use the IVR system actually
 called in (8.9 percent or 214 households).
 It may be instructive to look at differences in baseline characteristics
 between households that ultimately decided to make use of the IVR system
 and those that did not.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Determinants-of-IVR"

\end_inset

 shows results from an OLS regression of an indicator that takes the value
 of one if the IVR system log showed that a household called in at least
 once using the household head's phone number that was recorded during baseline
 data collection, and zero otherwise, on various baseline variables (and
 the SMS treatment allocation).
 Results indicate that none of the baseline characteristics predict demand
 for the IVR service, except for access to a mobile phone.
 We also find that the SMS reminders seem to have increased the likelihood
 that farmers called the IVR hotline, as was intended.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Since demand for the IVR service is endogenous, we cannot simply compare
 outcomes of households that called into the system to those that did not.
 Furthermore, it may be that farmers who were provided with information
 about the IVR service passed this on to households that were shown the
 video but were not allocated to the IVR treatment.
 Noncompliance by the control group may lead to a downward bias of the treatment
 effects estimated in the previous section.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
However, we find that only 1 percent of farmers who were allocated to the
 control group called the IVR system.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset

 However, with two-sided noncompliance, local average treatment effects
 (LATE) can be estimated, where the random allocation to the IVR encouragement
 is used as an instrument for the variable that measures calling into the
 IVR system 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "10.2307/2951620"

\end_inset

.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

 in the Appendix correspond to Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset

 to show LATE estimates for the IVR intervention's additional effects.
 In all of these tables, means and standard deviations in the control group
 are repeated for reference in the first column.
 In the second column, we report the results of a two-stage least squares
 (2SLS) regression where we instrument a dummy variable that a household
 called the IVR with the random allocation to the IVR encouragement.
 We report point estimates together with standard errors in parentheses
 below; corresponding p-values are reported in the third column.
 (This same structure is used in all Appendix Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 to 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

.)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Results do not change much from those reported in the previous section.
 For knowledge-related outcomes and the use of recommended practices (Appendix
 Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset

 and 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:pract_late"

\end_inset

), point estimates for the IVR impact are generally much higher in absolute
 value, but remain insignificant.
 Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:Impact-of-technology_LATE"

\end_inset

 confirms the previous finding that the likelihood of using organic fertilizer
 reduces among households that called into the IVR system.
 For improved seed use, we find results that are again similar to the previous
 section, with IVR increasing the likelihood of using hybrid seed among
 households that called into the IVR system, although the seed index is
 no longer significant.
 Finally, few effects show up as significant when production-related outcomes
 are considered (Appendix Table 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset

).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
Thus, even after accounting for noncompliance, we find that additional effects
 from the IVR treatment are limited, particularly when assessed with outcome
 indices.
 A possible reason why we fail to find significant effects that are consistent
 with the effects from the video for the additional treatment may be that
 the partial compliance greatly reduces the power of the design.
 Again, only 8.9 percent of households that were selected for the IVR treatment
 also actually called in from the phone number we recorded at baseline.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
A back-of-the-envelope calculation shows that the minimum detectable effect
 (MDE) size for maize yields in the original IVR design would be about 6.4
 percent.
 With only 8.9 percent compliance, the MDE increases to 71.6 percent.
 
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
( 1.96+ 0.84)* sqrt(1/(0.6519039 *(1-0.6519039))) * sqrt((0.6596119)^2/3703)*1/.089
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
This low compliance rate may reflect low demand for the service.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "New1"

\end_inset

 also find very low uptake of similar demand driven extension technologies
 in their analysis of different ICT enabled extension programs in Kenya
 and Rwanda.
 In one experiment where farmers were offered a phone call from an extension
 agent, only 8 percent of farmers requested a call during planting season.
 In another project, farmers also had access to a toll-free number, but
 only about 1 percent of treated farmers (35 callers) used it.
 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citet
key "RePEc:hbs:wpaper:13-047"

\end_inset

 find 88 percent of farmers called a hotline, but this use rate was attained
 only after two years of intensive exposure to the system using bi-weekly
 reminders and for a study population of cotton farmers that expressed willingne
ss to participate and owned a mobile phone.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 However, we suspect that our indicator of take-up of the intervention is
 likely to significantly underestimate true compliance.
 In particular, our indicator of compliance is taken from the IVR system
 log, where recorded phone numbers are matched to phone numbers that were
 recorded during baseline data collection.
 This indicator is likely to severely underreport true compliance, as encouraged
 farmers may have used different phones to call the IVR.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
The fact that 430 unique calls to the system were recorded, representing
 about 18 percent of encouraged households, confirms this suspicion.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 Using our measure of compliance, we cannot maintain that the exclusion
 restriction holds, as some of the potential outcomes are directly determined
 by the instrument.
 The problem becomes apparent when we think about LATE as the Wald estimator
 that scales the ITT by compliance 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "angrist_mostly_2008"

\end_inset

.
 In our case, the ITT will be estimated on the basis of all farmers encouraged
 to call into the IVR system.
 Our measure of compliance forces the LATE estimation to work with the 214
 households that show up in the IVR log and could be identified in the baseline,
 rather than through the 430 farmers who called in, which in the case of
 a positive impact would lead to an overestimate of the impact of the treatment
 among compliers.
 It is well known that especially in the context of a weak first stage,
 the bias can become extremely large 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand citep
key "duflo2007using"

\end_inset

.
\begin_inset Foot
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\emph on
A similar concern applies to our indicator of take-up of the SMS treatment.
 Here, however, we fear that compliance is overestimated and so the instrumental
 variable (IV) estimates will result in a downward bias of the impact of
 the treatment on compliers.
 That is, our indicator of compliance is again derived from the system logs
 and simply looks at message delivery to the intended phone.
 Probably not all farmers also opened the messages and read them.
 But the problem is likely to be less severe here, given a stronger first
 stage and a likely smaller difference between measured compliance and real
 compliance.
\end_layout

\end_inset

 The above explanation may make interpretation of the LATE effects difficult,
 and we thus recommend focusing on ITT effects.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
17.
 Since farmers were visited twice for the videos, that could have already
 served as a reminder and could explain why the SMS were not effective.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Farmers were shown the video twice: once before the agricultural season
 and once early in that same season.
 The intention here was to provide the participating farmers with all the
 basic information required.
 The SMS messages was more targeted, in that it reminded farmers of particular
 topics discussed in the video at specific points in time, with the intention
 of providing timely reminders would make the information more salient.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
One can speculate about the potential reasons why the reminders did not
 work in our case.
 The fact that farmers were already reminded once and reminders have decreasing
 marginal effects may be one potential reason.
 Another reason may be that it is always difficult to get the exact timing
 right: variation in planting time, rainfall, plant growth, crop duration,
 and other factors–even with the same agro-ecological zone–imply that even
 the most well-timed SMS reminders might miss the precise mark.
 Unavoidably, we encountered situations where farmers had planted much earlier
 than in other areas due to spatial heterogeneity in the onset of the rains.
 As a result, some farmers received the SMS message on fertilizer application
 too early and others too late.
 Maybe the content of the reminders could have been adapted accordingly
 (though not without considerable cost and logistical complexity), or maybe
 a more imperative tone such as 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

apply fertilizer now
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 might have been more effective.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
More generally, and as also suggested by reviewer 3 (R.13, R.14 and R.15),
 we feel a more careful stance as to what we can actually learn from our
 experiment about the mechanisms behind the IVR and SMS intervention is
 in order.
 We thus rewrote the conclusion, indicating some of the issues we encountered
 such as the SMS timing issue note above, and advocating for a more cautious
 in interpretation of our null effects.
 See also the response to comment 10 above.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
18.
 Are you controlling for unbalanced characteristics in your specifications?
 Do results change if you do/don’t? 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
While there is some minor imbalance, this seems to be within what one would
 expect by chance alone; and joint balance is never rejected.
 Furthermore, the imbalance is only for the additional IVR and SMS treatments,
 for which we find few effects anyway.
 As such, imbalance does not seem to drive the impact of the video intervention
 (otherwise, this would indeed be one of our greatest concerns).
 That said, and in response to your suggestion, we have redone the analysis
 where we now control for the variables where imbalances were found.
 The results are reported in Appendix Tables 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_knowledge"

\end_inset

 to Appendix 
\begin_inset CommandInset ref
LatexCommand ref
reference "tab:controls_production"

\end_inset

.
 The results are virtually the same.
 A footnote has been added that refers to the tables in the Appendix.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
19.
 It would be useful to say something about whether wives in this context
 are likely to have their own phone or if they are dependent on their husband’s
 phone.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The intervention that is discussed in this study was conceptualized at the
 household level, and outcomes are also defined at that level.
 Mobile phone ownership, and how ownership is distributed within the household,
 was taken as given.
 This obviously does not mean that phone ownership will not affect outcomes,
 and we do look at heterogeneity in treatment effects due to mobile phone
 ownership in a separate subsection in section 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Additional analysis and robustness tests
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 Unfortunately, we did not ask about individual phone ownership at baseline,
 so we can not condition on this.
 We only asked if the household owned a phone and if the household had access
 to a mobile phone.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
20.
 In the conclusion, you say that “farmers increasing the use of certain
 fertilizers and reducing use of others.
 As a result, [...] increased their yields”.
 I don’t think you can claim with certainty what drove effects in yields.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We agree with this comment and have removed this from the conclusion.
 See also your fifth comment, as well as the comment from reviewer 3 (R3.5).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
21.
 The finding that farmers did not think that yields improved is quite interestin
g since that might affect sustained adoption.
 This is outside scope of this piece but would be very interesting to see
 if adoption was sustained over the next season.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
We take your point.
 We note that the video intervention does increase the outcome by about
 6 percent, but it is indeed not significant.
 At the same time, and in hindsight, we also suspect that the insignificant
 result may be due to the inherent difficulty in formulating this kind of
 subjective question, even though such questions are commonly used to assess
 not only production outcomes, but also hunger and food security, safety
 and security, and many other outcomes.
 In this instance, while our (preferred) measure of maize yield is obtained
 indirectly by dividing production on the plot by the size of the plot,
 here the farmer is asked to directly assess his or her maize yields on
 the plot.
 We fear many farmers may find it difficult to convert production on the
 plot to yields, and therefore may be implicitly comparing production on
 the plot to what it normally would be.
 If farmers intensify production on only part of the plot and leave the
 rest fallow, they may indicate that maize production on the plot was similar
 to what they normally get from that plot.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Changes made to the text: The following footnote was added to the part where
 the insignificant result on subjective assessment of yield is reported:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote

\emph on
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

Farmers may have confused yields with production.
 Consistent with our recommendation to start small and combine technologies
 and the results that yield effects are due to producing the same amounts
 on smaller plots, farmers may indicate that on the plot the same amount
 of maize was produced when part was left fallow or planted with another
 crop.
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
bibfiles "../../pre-analysis plan/maizeUG_PAP"
options "AJAE/IFPRI_Style"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
\begin_inset Newpage newpage
\end_inset

Tables
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Preview

\begin_layout Standard
\align center
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Balance at baseline for ICT channel used to deliver information
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Balance"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	Mean	&	Video	&	+IVR	&	+SMS & N	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) 	&	267.93	&	17.41		&	7.57		&	-9.15		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(230.20)	&	(18.97)		&	(11.30)		&	(11.93)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of HH head (years) 	&	40.50	&	-1.05		&	0.87	*	&	-0.73		&	3,910	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(14.33)	&	(0.88)		&	(0.52)		&	(0.55)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH head finshed primary school 	&	0.37	&	-0.01		&	0.02		&	0.00		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.48)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH size 	&	7.72	&	-0.30		&	0.42	***	&	-0.21		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(3.17)	&	(0.22)		&	(0.13)		&	(0.14)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms	&	2.32	&	-0.12		&	0.10	**	&	-0.09	*	&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(1.21)	&	(0.08)		&	(0.05)		&	(0.05)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year 	&	0.11	&	0.00		&	0.00		&	0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.31)	&	(0.02)		&	(0.01)		&	(0.01)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season 	&	0.17	&	0.04		&	0.01		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.37)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season 	&	0.34	&	0.04		&	0.01		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.47)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) 	&	5.18	&	0.17		&	0.13		&	0.34		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(4.89)	&	(0.36)		&	(0.22)		&	(0.23)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone 	&	0.76	&	0.01		&	0.01		&	0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.43)	&	(0.03)		&	(0.02)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone 	&	0.84	&	-0.01		&	0.02		&	-0.01		&	3,959	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.36)	&	(0.02)		&	(0.01)		&	(0.02)		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

													
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&		&			&			&			
\backslash

\backslash
		 F-test	&		&	0.820		&	1.186		&	1.143		
\backslash

\backslash
		 P-value	&		&	0.621		&	0.291		&	0.323		
\backslash

\backslash
		 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: First column reports control group means (and standard deviations
 below); Column 2 reports differences between 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

placebo (control) and video treatment (and standard error below), column
 3 between video only and video+ivr, column 4 between 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS; the last column is sample size; ***, ** and
 * denote that the difference is signficantly different from zero at 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

the 1, 5 and 10 percent level, respectively.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on knowledge outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:knowh0HH"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.155	&	0.132$^{***}$	&	0.000	&	-0.020	&	0.227	&	0.01
0	&	0.571	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.363)	&	(0.030)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	0.908	&	0.045$^{**}$	&	0.011	&	-0.016	&	0.114	&
	0.009	&	0.416	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.290)	&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1)	&	0.954	&	-0.017	&	0.323	&	0.009	&	0.357	&	-0.0
02	&	0.811	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.210)	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.010)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) &	0.336	&	-0.018	&	0.590	&	-0.017	&	0.503	&	0.019	
&	0.310	&	3,629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.075	&	0.089$^{***}$	&	0.002	&	-0.021	&	0.335	&	0.056	&	0.561	&	3,
629	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.565)	&	(0.041)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on adoption of recommended practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:pract_h1_ag"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	0.366	&	-0.001	&	0.966	&	0.008	&
	0.673	&	-0.002	&	0.919	&	3,509	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.483)	&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) 	&	0.026	&	0.062$^{**
*}$	&	0.001	&	-0.003	&	0.776	&	0.013	&	0.236	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.158)	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 		&	0.689	&	0.057$^{*}$	&	0.030	&	-0.005	&	0.819	&	0.0
20	&	0.240	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.464)	&	(0.030)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1)  &	0.430	&	0.015	&	0.682	&	0.012	&	0.560	&	-0.0
06	&	0.789	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.496)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index	&	-0.083	&	0.077$^{***}$	&	0.006	&	0.009	&	0.670	&	0.039	&
	0.378	&	3,509	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.036)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on fertilizer and improved seed use
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Impact-of-technology_fert"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.260	&	-0.043	&	0.119	&	0.022	&	0.159
	&	-0.007	&	0.699	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.439)	&	(0.029)	&		&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.051	&	0.050$^{**}$	&	0.011	&	0.013	&	0.
277	&	-0.023	&	0.071	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.221)	&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.162	&	0.073$^{**}$	&	0.0
07	&	-0.038$^{*}$	&	0.024	&	0.030	&	0.070	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.369)	&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index	&	-0.056	&	0.065$^{**}$	&	0.038	&	-0.003	&	0.887	&	0.016	&	0.953	&	3,5
72	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.548)	&	(0.040)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
															
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{improved seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.294	&	0.003	&	0.925	&	0.0
41$^{**}$	&	0.028	&	-0.049$^{*}$	&	0.009	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.456)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.298	&	-0.027	&	0.
410	&	0.012	&	0.493	&	0.025	&	0.393	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.458)	&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.032	&	-0.068	&	0.551	&	0.059$^{**}$	&	0.025	&	0.016	&	0.429	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.693)	&	(0.046)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on production outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:yield_ag_allh"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg)) &	5.825	&	-0.017	&	0.747	&	0.045	&	0.316	&	0.042	&	0.351	&	3
,347	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.754)	&	(0.059)	&		&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.036)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	0.019	&	-0.100$^{*}$	&	0.020	&	-0.010	&	0.683	&	0.023	&	0.390
	&	3,339	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.579)	&	(0.045)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre)) 	&	5.846	&	0.100$^{*}$	&	0.025	&	0.039	&	0.292	&	-0.002	&	0.
935	&	3,301	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.049)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.030)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1) 	&	0.387	&	0.023	&	0.496	&	0.001	&	0.971	&	0.035	&	0.1
33	&	3,572	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.488)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(mandays)) &	4.134	&	-0.010	&	0.786	&	-0.010	&	0.706	&	0.036	&	0.122	&	3,381
	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.580)	&	(0.042)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/mandays)) 	&	1.650	&	0.024	&	0.649	&	0.073	&	0.062	&	-0.00
9	&	0.750	&	3,346	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.719)	&	(0.056)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	-0.050	&	0.043$^{**}$	&	0.024	&	0.007	&	0.607	&	0.026	&	0.565	&	3,29
7	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.364)	&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&	(0.016)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Differential attrition and correlation with baseline characteristics
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Differential-attrition-and"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	video	&	+IVR	&	+SMS	&	joint	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	F-test	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

treatments	&	0.972	&	0.691	&	-1.541	&	1.956	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.331)	&	(0.490)	&	(0.124)	&	(0.118)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) 	&	0.626	&	0.087	&	-1.274	&	0.750	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.531)	&	(0.931)	&	(0.203)	&	(0.522)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Age of HH head (years)	&	0.904	&	0.531	&	0.240	&	0.255	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.366)	&	(0.595)	&	(0.810)	&	(0.858)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH head finshed primary school  	&	1.222	&	1.293	&	0.327	&	0.858	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.222)	&	(0.196)	&	(0.744)	&	(0.462)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH size	&	0.467	&	0.539	&	1.811	&	1.066	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.640)	&	(0.590)	&	(0.070)	&	(0.362)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms 	&	0.321	&	-0.860	&	0.907	&	1.347	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.748)	&	(0.390)	&	(0.365)	&	(0.257)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year 	&	-1.765	&	-2.286	&	-0.987	&	2.098	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.078)	&	(0.022)	&	(0.324)	&	(0.098)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season 	&	-0.698	&	-0.552	&	1.354	&	1.395	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.486)	&	(0.581)	&	(0.176)	&	(0.242)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season 	&	0.150	&	0.349	&	0.926	&	0.301	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.881)	&	(0.727)	&	(0.354)	&	(0.824)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) 	&	-0.448	&	-1.788	&	-0.829	&	1.021	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.654)	&	(0.074)	&	(0.407)	&	(0.382)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone 	&	0.096	&	0.894	&	1.385	&	0.684	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.924)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.166)	&	(0.562)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone 	&	-0.474	&	0.645	&	0.894	&	0.456	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.636)	&	(0.519)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.713)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 joint (F-test)	&	0.782	&	1.212	&	1.137	&	0.926	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.273)	&	(0.327)	&	(0.589)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: All entries are t-tests, except for the last column and the last row,
 where F-tests are reported for the joint tests.
 Corresponding p-values in brackets below.
 Tests are derived from a linear probability models with a binary indicator
 of attrition as the dependent variable.
 The first row tests differential attrition rates for each treatment seperately:
 the video intervention (column 1), the incremental IVR encouragement (column
 2) and the additional SMS treatment (column 3).
 The last column perfoms a joint test of differential attrition on the 3
 treatments.
 Subsequent rows test differential attrition rates for interactions between
 each baseline variable indicated to the left and each treatment indicator
 seperately (columns 1, 2 and 3) and jointly (column 4).
 Last row tests differential attrition rates for intractions between all
 baseline variables jointly and each treatment indicator seperately (columns
 1, 2 and 3) and all treatments jointly (column 4).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on knowledge outcomes after
 controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_knowledge"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) &	-0.028	&	0.096	&	0.013	&	0.444	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.018)	&		&	(0.019)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	-0.017	&	0.087	&	0.009	&	0.412	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.011)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) &	0.009	&	0.338	&	-0.001	&	0.902	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.010)	&		&	(0.011)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1)	&	-0.018	&	0.526	&	0.021	&	0.287	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.025	&	0.211	&	0.058	&	0.462	&	3,554	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on agronomic practices after
 controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_practices"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1)	&	0.015	&	0.477	&	-0.006	&	0.787	&	
3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1)  &	-0.004	&	0.746	&	0.
012	&	0.288	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	-0.006	&	0.802	&	0.022	&	0.195	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	0.007	&	0.729	&	-0.001	&	0.975	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index &	0.011	&	0.657	&	0.038	&	0.382	&	3,438	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on on fertilizer and improved
 seed use after controlling for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_inputs"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.018	&	0.261	&	-0.006	&	0.702	&	3,498
	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	0.014	&	0.256	&	-0.024	&	0.060	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	-0.037$^{**}$	&	0.021	&	0.0
31	&	0.062	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.017)	&		&	(0.018)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index	&	-0.005	&	0.837	&	0.014	&	0.931	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	(0.025)	&		&	(0.026)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 														
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{5}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.041$^{**}$	&	0.031	&	-0.0
48	&	0.010	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1)  	&	0.010	&	0.558	&	0.0
26	&	0.396	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.019)	&		&	(0.020)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.060$^{**}$	&	0.029	&	0.013	&	0.466	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&	(0.028)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Additional impact of IVR and SMS treatments on production after controlling
 for imbalance
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:controls_production"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		& +IVR	&		p-value	&		+SMS	&	p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-6} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg))	&	0.040	&	0.336	&	0.042	&	0.309	&	3,282	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.035)	&		&	(0.036)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	-0.020	&	0.457	&	0.028	&	0.293	&	3,271	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.026)	&		&	(0.028)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre))	&	0.038	&	0.249	&	0.004	&	0.883	&	3,244	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	0.029	&		&	0.030	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1)	&	0.006	&	0.787	&	0.030	&	0.205	&	3,498	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(days))&	-0.013	&	0.640	&	0.041	&	0.085	&	3,312	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	0.025	&		&	0.026	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) &	0.067	&	0.084	&	-0.008	&	0.757	&	3,280	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	0.008	&	0.464	&	0.025	&	0.520	&	3,241	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.016)	&		&	(0.016)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and
 standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column 2; column 3 reports
 differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with
 its corresponding p-value in column 4; sample size is reported in column
 5.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 Additional controls for the IVR treatment are  age of household head at
 baseline, household size at baseline and number of bedrooms at baseline.
 Additional controls for the SMS treatment are  number of bedrooms at baseline.
 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Determinants of IVR uptake
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Determinants-of-IVR"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{@{
\backslash
extracolsep{5pt}}lc}  
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]   &
\backslash
textit{Dependent variable:} 
\backslash

\backslash
  & called   
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Allocated to SMS treatment & 0.057$^{***}$ 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.013)  
\backslash

\backslash
      
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone & 0.058$^{**}$  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.028)  
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone & 0.042$^{*}$  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.025)  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) & 0.00000 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.00002) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Age of HH head (years) & $-$0.001 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.0005) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH head finshed primary school  & 0.006 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.006)  
\backslash

\backslash
    
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH size & 0.002  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.002) 
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms & $-$0.003 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.006)  
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year & 0.001  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.020) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season & $-$0.075 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.131) 
\backslash

\backslash
      
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season & $-$0.089 
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.131) 
\backslash

\backslash
   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) & 0.001  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.001) 
\backslash

\backslash
    
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Constant & 0.058  
\backslash

\backslash
    & (0.136) 
\backslash

\backslash
    & 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  Observations & 2,180 
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

R$^{2}$ & 0.040 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Adjusted R$^{2}$ & 0.033  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Residual Std.
 Error & 0.292 (df = 2163)  
\backslash

\backslash
  
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

F Statistic & 5.613$^{***}$ (df = 16; 2163) 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline 
\backslash

\backslash
[-1.8ex]  
\backslash
textit{Note:}  & 
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{r}{$^{*}$p$<$0.1; $^{**}$p$<$0.05; $^{***}$p$<$0.01} 
\backslash

\backslash
  
\backslash
end{tabular}  
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on household level knowledge
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:knowLATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value		&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.160	&	-0.360	&	0.306	&		3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.367)	&	(0.351)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows inputs best combined (yes=1) 	&	0.908	&	-0.331	&	0.115	&		3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.290)	&	(0.210)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) 	&	0.954	&	0.178	&	0.350	&	3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.210)	&	(0.191)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) 	&	0.336	&	-0.286	&	0.431	&	3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.473)	&	(0.363)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knowledge index	&	-0.077	&	-0.396	&	0.376	&3,619	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.562)	&	(0.473)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on agronomic practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:pract_late"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&		N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	0.370	&	0.163	&	0.677	&		3,500	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.484)	&	(0.391)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) 	&	0.026	&	-0.089	&	0.
670	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.158)	&	(0.210)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	0.685	&	-0.170	&	0.617	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.465)	&	(0.339)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	0.426	&	0.228	&	0.552		&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.495)	&	(0.383)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index 	&	-0.086	&	0.102	&	0.804	&		3,500	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.478)	&	(0.411)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on fertilizer and improved seed
 use
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Impact-of-technology_LATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&				N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.264	&	0.393	&	0.228		&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.442)	&	(0.325)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.051	&	0.225	&	0.320	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.221)	&	(0.226)	&				&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.157	&	-0.704$^{**}$	&	0.
037	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.365)	&	(0.337)	&				&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index 	&	-0.057	&	-0.078	&	0.846	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.547)	&	(0.443)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 														
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{4}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.289	&	0.732$^{**}$	&	0.04
6	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.454)	&	(0.367)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.302	&	0.164	&	0.63
5	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.460)	&	(0.345)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.032	&	0.242	&	0.605	&	3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.700)	&	(0.447)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
2SLS estimates of impact of IVR treatment on production
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:prod_LATE"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	& +IVR	&		p-value	&			N 	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg)) 	&	5.814	&	0.912	&	0.173	&		3,344	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.765)	&	(0.670)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize area (log(acre)) 	&	0.018	&	-0.240	&	0.614	&		3,341	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.580)	&	(0.476)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (log(kg/acre)) 	&	5.850	&	0.690	&	0.224	&		3,302	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.568)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Yield better than normal (yes=1) 	&	0.387	&	0.008	&	0.983	&		3,560	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.488)	&	(0.374)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour (log(days)) 	&	4.132	&	-0.056	&	0.895	&	3,370	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.577)	&	(0.421)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) 	&	1.650	&	1.185	&	0.076	&		3,341	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.720)	&	(0.667)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	-0.053	&	0.159	&	0.625	&		3,302	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.365)	&	(0.297)	&			&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between video only and video+ivr (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; sample size is reported
 in column 4.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on knowledge outcomes for low educated farmers
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_know-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.097	&	0.172$^{***}$	&	0.000	&	-0.021	&	0.269	&	0.01
2	&	0.562	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.297)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	0.882	&	0.063$^{**}$	&	0.014	&	-0.015	&	0.230	
&	0.008	&	0.651	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.324)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1)	&	0.944	&	-0.008	&	0.706	&	0.010	&	0.360	&	0.0
00	&	0.995	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.230)	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) &	0.271	&	0.027	&	0.482	&	-0.017	&	0.703	&	0.041	
&	0.237	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.446)	&	(0.039)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.137	&	0.153$^{***}$	&	0.001	&	-0.022	&	0.498	&	0.068	&	0.681	&	2,
317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.546)	&	(0.053)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on fertilizer and improved seed use for farmers
 close to agro-input shop
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_tech-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.285	&	-0.048	&	0.148	&	0.008	&	0.717	
&	-0.004	&	0.844	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.453)	&	(0.036)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	0.038	&	0.070$^{**}$	&	0.007	&	0.005	&	0.71
5	&	-0.026	&	0.104	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.192)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1)		&	0.165	&	0.073$^{*}$	&	0.03
6	&	-0.025	&	0.242	&	0.011	&	0.564	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.372)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index &	-0.058	&	0.082	&	0.110	&	-0.011	&	0.728	&	-0.001	&	0.509	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.534)	&	(0.048)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
															
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{improved seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	hybrid	&	0.297	&	-0.011	&	0.7
68	&	0.054$^{**}$	&	0.013	&	-0.034	&	0.146	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.459)	&	(0.038)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1)  &	0.291	&	-0.022	&	0.5
38	&	0.020	&	0.332	&	0.000	&	0.986	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.456)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.030	&	-0.072	&	0.481	&	0.082$^{***}$	&	0.010	&	0.004	&	0.292	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.678)	&	(0.056)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status collapsed

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Differential attrition and correlation with baseline characteristics
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Differential-attrition-and-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	video	&	+IVR	&	+SMS	&	joint	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	t-test	&	F-test	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-5} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

treatments	&	0.972	&	0.691	&	-1.541	&	1.956	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.331)	&	(0.490)	&	(0.124)	&	(0.118)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize yield (kg/ac) 	&	0.626	&	0.087	&	-1.274	&	0.750	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.531)	&	(0.931)	&	(0.203)	&	(0.522)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Age of HH head (years)	&	0.904	&	0.531	&	0.240	&	0.255	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.366)	&	(0.595)	&	(0.810)	&	(0.858)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH head finshed primary school  	&	1.222	&	1.293	&	0.327	&	0.858	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.222)	&	(0.196)	&	(0.744)	&	(0.462)	
\backslash

\backslash
 HH size	&	0.467	&	0.539	&	1.811	&	1.066	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.640)	&	(0.590)	&	(0.070)	&	(0.362)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Number of bedrooms 	&	0.321	&	-0.860	&	0.907	&	1.347	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.748)	&	(0.390)	&	(0.365)	&	(0.257)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Access to extension last year 	&	-1.765	&	-2.286	&	-0.987	&	2.098	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.078)	&	(0.022)	&	(0.324)	&	(0.098)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used fertilizer last season 	&	-0.698	&	-0.552	&	1.354	&	1.395	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.486)	&	(0.581)	&	(0.176)	&	(0.242)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Has used improved seed last season 	&	0.150	&	0.349	&	0.926	&	0.301	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.881)	&	(0.727)	&	(0.354)	&	(0.824)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Distance nearest agro input shop (km) 	&	-0.448	&	-1.788	&	-0.829	&	1.021	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.654)	&	(0.074)	&	(0.407)	&	(0.382)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH owns mobile phone 	&	0.096	&	0.894	&	1.385	&	0.684	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.924)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.166)	&	(0.562)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

HH has access to a mobile phone 	&	-0.474	&	0.645	&	0.894	&	0.456	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.636)	&	(0.519)	&	(0.371)	&	(0.713)	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&		&		&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 joint (F-test)	&	0.782	&	1.212	&	1.137	&	0.926	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.658)	&	(0.273)	&	(0.327)	&	(0.589)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: All entries are t-tests, except for the last column and the last row,
 where F-tests are reported for the joint tests.
 Corresponding p-values in brackets below.
 Tests are derived from a linear probability models with a binary indicator
 of attrition as the dependent variable.
 The first row tests differential attrition rates for each treatment seperately:
 the video intervention (column 1), the incremental IVR encouragement (column
 2) and the additional SMS treatment (column 3).
 The last column perfoms a joint test of differential attrition on the 3
 treatments.
 Subsequent rows test differential attrition rates for interactions between
 each baseline variable indicated to the left and each treatment indicator
 seperately (columns 1, 2 and 3) and jointly (column 4).
 Last row tests differential attrition rates for intractions between all
 baseline variables jointly and each treatment indicator seperately (columns
 1, 2 and 3) and all treatments jointly (column 4).
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for knowledge outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-bounds-for"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&		[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1)		&	0.112	&	0.194	&	-0.026	&	-0.014	&	0.017	&	-0.007	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.029)	&	(0.032)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.020)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	-0.041	&	0.042	&	-0.027	&	-0.014	&	0.031	&	0.00
6	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.024)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.010)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.010)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1) 		&	-0.095	&	-0.012	&	-0.002	&	0.011	&	0.021	
&	-0.003	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.023)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.009)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.010)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) 		&	-0.043	&	0.040	&	-0.020	&	-0.007	&	0.025	&	0.
001	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.031)	&	(0.033)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knowledge index		&	-0.031	&	0.134	&	-0.049	&	-0.013	&	0.085	&	0.037	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.049)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.028)	&	(0.025)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.026)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for recommended practices
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-bounds-for-1"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Planted immediately after start of rains (yes=1) 	&	-0.046	&	0.058	&	0.007	&	0.025	&
	0.002	&	-0.017	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.032)	&	(0.034)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used spacing of 75cm x 30cm with a reduced seed rate (yes=1) &	0.056	&	0.147	&	-0.0
05	&	0.017	&	0.013	&	-0.015	
\backslash

\backslash
 	(0.018)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.010)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.011)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Removed striga early on (yes=1) 	&	-0.012	&	0.079	&	-0.021	&	0.002	&	0.042	&	0.013	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.033)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

First weeding after 18-20 days (yes=1) 	&	-0.022	&	0.069	&	0.000	&	0.022	&	0.010	&	-0.
018	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.034)	&	(0.035)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Recommended practices index		&	0.000	&	0.182	&	-0.012	&	0.035	&	0.059	&	-0.002	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.038)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.022)	&	(0.024)	&	(0.023)	&	(0.025)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for inputs
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition_inputs"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{6}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	-0.062	&	0.030	&	0.013	&	0.035	&	-0.00
1	&	-0.030	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.028)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.019)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1) 			&	0.040	&	0.132	&	0.010	&	0.033	&	-0.019	&
	-0.048	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.019)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.011)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.012)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1) 			&	0.052	&	0.144	&	-0.038	&
	-0.015	&	0.034	&	0.006	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.027)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.016)	&	(0.018)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.019)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index		&	0.026	&	0.223	&	-0.014	&	0.036	&	0.026	&	-0.040	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.041)	&	(0.050)	&	(0.024)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.025)	&	(0.030)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{6}{c}{
\backslash
textit{seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																																			
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.074	&	-0.017	&	0.056	&	0.
033	&	-0.066	&	-0.038	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1) 		&	0.038	&	-0.053	&	0.
027	&	0.004	&	0.002	&	0.031	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.033)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.017)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.018)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index		&	0.088	&	-0.116	&	0.086	&	0.042	&	-0.034	&	0.030	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.051)	&	(0.047)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.027)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.028)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways false
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Attrition bounds for production outcomes
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:Attrition-prod"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{video}}&
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{IVR}} &
\backslash
multicolumn{2}{c}{
\backslash
textit{SMS}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

		&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	&	[Min	&	Max]	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-7} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Maize production (log(kg))		&	-0.203	&	0.128	&	0.013	&	0.075	&	0.094	&	-0.014	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.071)	&	(0.066)	&	(0.040)	&	(0.037)	&	(0.042)	&	(0.039)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Maize area (log(acre))	&	-0.240	&	0.019	&	-0.032	&	0.013	&	0.064	&	-0.015	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.054)	&	(0.051)	&	(0.030)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.032)	&	(0.030)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Maize yield (log(kg/acre))		&	-0.046	&	0.227	&	0.008	&	0.060	&	0.050	&	-0.038	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.058)	&	(0.055)	&	(0.033)	&	(0.031)	&	(0.035)	&	(0.033)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Yield better than normal (yes=1)		&	-0.011	&	0.080	&	-0.005	&	0.017	&	0.040	&	0.011	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.033)	&	(0.034)	&	(0.019)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.020)	&	(0.021)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Labour (log(days))		&	-0.137	&	0.092	&	-0.026	&	0.014	&	0.074	&	0.002	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.050)	&	(0.047)	&	(0.028)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.029)	&	(0.028)	
\backslash

\backslash
 Labour productivity (log(kg/days)) 	&	-0.139	&	0.181	&	0.034	&	0.091	&	0.043	&	-0.058
	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.066)	&	(0.065)	&	(0.037)	&	(0.036)	&	(0.039)	&	(0.038)	
\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Production index	&	0.005	&	0.023	&	0.046	&	0.054	&	0.007	&	0.003	
\backslash

\backslash
 		&	(0.024)	&	(0.026)	&	(0.014)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.015)	&	(0.016)	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: Column 1 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and
 standard error between brackets below) for the outcome indicated to the
 left after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the
 minimum value of the outcome indicated to the left; Column 2reports differences
 between placebo and video treatment (and standard error) for the outcome
 after all missing values due to attrition have been replaced by the maximum
 value of the outcome; columns 3 and 4 report corresponding estimates (and
 standard error below) for differences between video only and video+ivr;
 columns 5 and 6 report corresponding estimates (and standard error below)
 for differences between video+ivr and video+ivr+SMS.
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
 For indices, missings were replaced in the variables that constitute the
 components of the index before the index was computed, so the bounds do
 not necessarily include the estimated coefficient.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on knowledge outcomes for less educated farmers
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_know"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Knows optimal spacing (yes=1) 	&	0.097	&	0.172$^{***}$	&	0.000	&	-0.021	&	0.269	&	0.01
2	&	0.562	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.297)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows inputs best combined (yes=1)		&	0.882	&	0.063$^{**}$	&	0.014	&	-0.015	&	0.230	
&	0.008	&	0.651	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.324)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows optimal time for weeding (yes=1)	&	0.944	&	-0.008	&	0.706	&	0.010	&	0.360	&	0.0
00	&	0.995	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.230)	&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.012)	&		&	(0.013)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knows how to fight armyworm (yes=1) &	0.271	&	0.027	&	0.482	&	-0.017	&	0.703	&	0.041	
&	0.237	&	2,317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.446)	&	(0.039)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.025)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 Knowledge index	&	-0.137	&	0.153$^{***}$	&	0.001	&	-0.022	&	0.498	&	0.068	&	0.681	&	2,
317	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.546)	&	(0.053)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Float table
wide false
sideways true
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset Caption Standard

\begin_layout Plain Layout
Impact of ICT treatments on fertilizer and improved seed use for farmers
 close to agro-input shop
\begin_inset CommandInset label
LatexCommand label
name "tab:cate_tech"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
footnotesize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{tabular}{rcccccccc} 
\backslash
hline 
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

   
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

	&	Mean	&	Video	&		p-value	&	+IVR	&		p-value	&	+SMS	&		p-value & N	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
cline{2-9} 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{fertilizer use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used DAP/NPK on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	&	0.285	&	-0.048	&	0.148	&	0.008	&	0.717	
&	-0.004	&	0.844	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.453)	&	(0.036)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Urea on at least one plot? (yes=1)	&	0.038	&	0.070$^{**}$	&	0.007	&	0.005	&	0.71
5	&	-0.026	&	0.104	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.192)	&	(0.024)	&		&	(0.014)	&		&	(0.015)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used organic fertilizer on at least one plot? (yes=1)		&	0.165	&	0.073$^{*}$	&	0.03
6	&	-0.025	&	0.242	&	0.011	&	0.564	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.372)	&	(0.034)	&		&	(0.021)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Fertilizer index &	-0.058	&	0.082	&	0.110	&	-0.011	&	0.728	&	-0.001	&	0.509	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.534)	&	(0.048)	&		&	(0.029)	&		&	(0.031)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
															
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

&
\backslash
multicolumn{8}{c}{
\backslash
textit{improved seed use}}	
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash

\backslash
																
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used hybrid maize seed on at least one plot? (yes=1) 	hybrid	&	0.297	&	-0.011	&	0.7
68	&	0.054$^{**}$	&	0.013	&	-0.034	&	0.146	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.459)	&	(0.038)	&		&	(0.023)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Used Open Polinated Varieties on at least one plot? (yes=1)  &	0.291	&	-0.022	&	0.5
38	&	0.020	&	0.332	&	0.000	&	0.986	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.456)	&	(0.037)	&		&	(0.022)	&		&	(0.024)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Seed index	&	0.030	&	-0.072	&	0.481	&	0.082$^{***}$	&	0.010	&	0.004	&	0.292	&	2,436	
\backslash

\backslash
 	&	(0.678)	&	(0.056)	&		&	(0.033)	&		&	(0.035)	&		&		
\backslash

\backslash
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
hline  
\backslash
hline
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{tabular}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

 
\backslash
end{center}
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
scriptsize
\end_layout

\begin_layout Plain Layout

Note: In the first column, means (and standard deviations) in the control
 group are presented for each variable.
 Column 2 reports differences between placebo and video treatment (and standard
 error) with its corresponding p-value in column 3; column 4 reports differences
 between video only and video+ivr (and standard error) with its corresponding
 p-value in column 5; column 6 reports differences between video+ivr and
 video+ivr+SMS (and standard error) with its corresponding p-value in column
 7; sample size is reported in column 8.
 Reported p-values are based on randomization inference (10,000 permutations);
 ***, ** and * denote that the difference is signficant at the 1, 5 and
 10 percent level, respectively, after correcting for multiple hypothesis
 testing using a family-wise sharp null (10,000 permutations).
 All specifications control for the other orthogonal factors in the factorial
 design.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
